times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou
18:46 And the hand of the LORD was on Elijah; and he girded up his
35:31 Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a
think you, to play with, but this Scotchman's son!  I'll find out another
more certain there were none in the Quaker's little hermitage on the hill,

Enter Mark Antony, with Caesars body.

private cypher, have been taken from the body.  In the instance where
15:3 And Samson said concerning them, Now shall I be more blameless
Jecoliah of Jerusalem.

in his cottage, he had all the satisfaction of a sportsman;
stay on board, on board!--lower not when I do; when branded Ahab
which, in the pride and gaiety of her heart, she had called her throne.
when he found the footprint of Buster Bear on the edge of the Laughing
according to the former lusts in your ignorance: 1:15 But as he which
the mirth of the land is gone.

by it, continually pondering over what could be done in return,

of knowledge.
obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that
32:46 And he said unto them, Set your hearts unto all the words which
16:22 And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and
judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself;
Susan came to the door, and the old man was delighted to hear her speak
lifted me up on high above them that rose up against me: thou hast

14:17 Then thine handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now
Of father, son, and brother, first were known. 
have something to say to her acquaintance, as she always wished to have
of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha.
to be sensible of strange feelings.  I felt a melting in me.  No more
travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall
We walk silent among disputes and assertions, but reject not the
yea, the intolerableness of all earthly effort.
matched in a partner.  They were a couple worth looking at.
that all their bodings, doubts, misgivings, fears, were fain to hide
Rosetta, at this speech, burst out laughing, and said that she did not
I see thee again.--Aye, and thou goest before; and this, THIS then is
And how can he write about Normans if the man's only a solicitor?

7:36 And he charged them that they should tell no man: but the more he

threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou
he admitted, scratching his head.  "I suppose it's a pity I didn't
To us invisible, or dimly seen 
Even as basking babe, then happy boy alone by some wood edge, thy
he appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:
and embraced him, which would have been imprudent. I hope you won't
Well, he is the only man on earth, I know; but sometimes I really

Not a mightier whale than this
and that Willoughby was weary of it, seemed equally clear;
under the dam; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be
  Hor. Before my God, I might not this beleeue
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
appointed spot.  There was a great crowd of people.  In the midst he

prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and
Another wretched woman has the simple egotistic mania that she
be his principal, his only object of happiness.

Of Pharaoh:  There he dies, and leaves his race 
smote Absalom, and slew him.

Rose, who was her particular friend, now came forward to assure the
amusing schemes for the progress and close of their attachment,
because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they

bondage wherein thou wast made to serve, 14:4 That thou shalt take up
    a hair on the back of my hand just as curious as any revelation,
he observed sarcastically--

its rimmed varieties of races and of climes.  They contain round
and are to provide for him!--Standing up in the middle of the room,
8:23 And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors
Mistrust, suspicion, discord; and shook sore 
10:3 Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou
sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli,
you the truth, I think it might have been some amusement to myself
with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a
3:3 Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the
weariness! heaviness!  Guinea-coast slavery of solitary
were her wishes on the side of early warm attachment, and a cheerful
and therefore watching to very different effect,
Out of its stalwart trunk and limbs, out of its foot-thick bark,
with unalterable coldness.
trees made, and on the wall of the temple.
48:7 They are created now, and not from the beginning; even before the
I have look'd for equals and lovers and found them ready for me in
    touch my body back again,
the offing this morning; a three years' voyage, and a full ship.

14:14 And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem; and the wealth of all

to be guest with a man that is a sinner.

Than all the world much heavier, though divided 
not been; as infants which never saw light.
will conclude, immediately opened to me the happiest prospects,
beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes.
1:6 And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD,
the law and the commandment.

thrown over me in the most loving and affectionate manner.  You had
with having twopence; and it is easier to play at pitch farthing than to
is a home; to me this cruel world is kindly, because higher than
"It is Daisy!" exclaimed Rose--"It's Daisy!" repeated all her companions.
the brink of the river.
10:8 Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
rather busy herself about any thing than speak.  He sat a little

The very day of Mr. Elton's going to London produced a fresh occasion
He was looked on as sufficiently belonging to the place to make his
Who inaugurate one to inaugurate all.
level brown eyebrows.  "Haven't you heard the news?  I'm a
he not unnaturally brought his readiness to a rigid stop and
It seemed the great Black Parliament sitting in Tophet.  A hundred
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
There is no shuffling, there the Action lyes

shall dwell between his shoulders.
myself--'I am shut out for ever from their society,
3:7 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.



and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel,


who composed the first narrative of a whaling-voyage?  Who, but no
the darker poems of Byron and Poe. With this went a sense of his
Moabites which dwell in Ar, did unto me;) until I shall pass over
Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts,
talkative men, made him almost feel as if the Council of the Seven
"Take it," said Emma, smiling, and pushing the paper towards
Which can interpret farther: Onely I say
a remonstrance on his side.  It was a great object to her to escape
sword!  and if I enter into the city, then behold them that are sick
Never again leave me to be the peaceful child I was before what
33:18 And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the
And will he not come againe:
3:24 And when they came to the camp of Israel, the Israelites rose up

anything at all?  I'm sure it's what I can't pretend to, unless you do me
me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel

You are mighty cute--and here is one of your bargains.
in time if they were cheated, and would like it as little as the men."
and a warmth, and a sincerity which Anne delighted in the more,
throwing open the little window towards the back of the entry, you at

His marriage with the seventimes-wedded maid. 
pillars and their fillets of silver; and the overlaying of their
     1
singing, O mountains: for the LORD hath comforted his people, and will
house with his javelin in his hand: and David played with his hand.
 

gone out of thy daughter.
see this land no more.
19:11 Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise
the way with him!  Sometimes he won't speak to me for half

3:9 They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for

He could do nothing till he were assured of his fate with
unto thy gates, even that man or that woman, and shalt stone them with
things when extreme political superstitions invest them, that in some
business.

I pray you passe with your best violence,
Below, a myriad myriad waves hastening, lifting up their necks,
  Rosin. Most like a Gentleman
particularly his solicitude in having an extra coat of sheathing in
15:15 And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and
13:16 But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they

31:18 And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he

    each other,



   Barn. How now Horatio? You tremble & look pale:
Her disposition and abilities were equally worthy of all that
"I was six weeks with Edward," said he, "and saw him happy.
After a visit on Colonel Brandon's side of only three
guide of your sensations.  I give you this caution now, because I


     And he ruminated long before the portrait of a white-haired man
54:7 For he hath delivered me out of all trouble: and mine eye hath
31:3 And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy
thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin.
21:15 Neither shall he profane his seed among his people: for I the
to seek the acquaintance, and proclaim the value of the connection,
infernally cheering him on with their curses;--when all these

To the deities of the modern henceforth yielding,
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto
"He wasn't afraid of the Prime Minister," replied Dr. Hutton; "he
'A knot!' said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
Ankles, instep, foot-ball, toes, toe-joints, the heel;
on the other; and checking the surprise which she could not but feel
Perhaps she pitied and esteemed him the more



his own place.
His dearest mediation thus renew'd. 
of this inimitable charade walked in again.  Harriet turned away;
kill, or change, or shun the fact; he likewise knew that to mankind

strange as it may appear--.  But you know they were your own words,

  Ham. Heauen make thee free of it, I follow thee.
nature; but, I beg your pardon, ma'am, I cannot stop myself when I once
collect my rents, and I hope, Mr. Price, you will have no objection to
that she looked very ill, were shocked and concerned, and would not
    the air and the ceaseless tides,
The trombone duo, Libertad forever!
nor were the eyes behind them shifty, but regarded me steadily.
of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the Levites shall be

It was but a card party, it was but a mixture of those who had
more than fifty, and it was only by such a large number of fifties
34:4 And the LORD said unto him, This is the land which I sware unto
Marianne to the business of the day.
not think too much had been said in his praise; he was a _very_ good
to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come,
24:11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.
goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the
cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab.

great altar burn the morning burnt offering, and the evening meat
20:25 Take Aaron and Eleazar his son, and bring them up unto mount
receive him;)
Of Satan and his peers. Their summons called 
vial!"  Gabriel called off the terror-stricken crew from the further

 

artistic exploit, rarely achieved by the best harpooneers of the
who would be so very much concerned!--Well, this is brilliant!
an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled.
1:5 If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all
"Sunday!" cried Bull, and dropped his hat.
thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou
I speake not to disprooue what Brutus spoke,
old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in
18:23 And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very
Served the making of helms for the galleys of pleasure and the
mercies speedily prevent us: for we are brought very low.

lanterns in the complete and careful rigging of the spare boats and
keep Woebegone's family from starvation; what is that ruinous
feelings, or to represent herself as suffering much,
14:22 Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou
This might mean, of course, that he had only just broken prison;
Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in
nothing doubtful, in the words he used; and I think I can give you
with his fathers in the city of David.
Sheer o'er the crystal battlements: from morn 
sound of hammering every day? What were you hammering at then?"

to have just the right weather for him, fine, dry, settled weather.
trustworthy than whose has some accidental taint.  We have
could have no real reason for refusing to give up the gold.
stirred.  "Then we are all Archers, and we will stand by one another.
Enter Polonius, Rosincrance, and Guildensterne.

Yearning for thee harmonious Union! thee, singing bird divine!

     Jist watchin' for him at the door

Moors by his side under the lee, while night 
104:11 They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses
Israel are more and mightier than we: 1:10 Come on, let us deal wisely
spavined the other for life, and now wears out bone legs by the cord.
house.


thankfully, and started to mount his donkey.
13:20 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I
18:26 And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they

the hearse that thou didst promise.  But I hold thee to the last
before she made her next remark. 'Then the eleventh day must have been a
these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's
caught his attention; for he had never seen any of them before, as he
same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall
The play of shine and shade on the trees as the supple boughs wag,
the ephod, and for the breastplate; 35:28 And spice, and oil for the
days' journey across from the nearest point of the Mediterranean
alarms, with which the poor bride gave her bosom away.
Elinor's heart could easily account for his not
This plan Felix put into execution.  They discovered the place where
reception, and conscious that he merited no kind one.
Love, that is day and night--love, that is sun and moon and stars,
25:1 Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
interrupted: 'UNimportant, your Majesty means, of course,' he said in a
20:1 The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of
temple of the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they
42:9 So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the

3:9 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear
about upon the altar.
9:13 And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for

have risen to their blessings if she could, but she did not want
If you unload his skull of its spermy heaps and then take a rear view
as the fight was coming on soon, but Father Brown had a good-tempered


14:16 And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his
Wherefore shall he be slain? what hath he done?  20:33 And Saul cast a
Farmer Brown's boy really was afraid of Buster Bear.
forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather
there, the Captain laughs lowly to himself, and mutters something
32:11 Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by
And at any rate, she lost nothing by continuing the engagement,
To trust thee from my side; imagined wise, 
on thy God continually.


4:6 And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side,
was so frightened that you would not do it at all."
Sail forth--steer for the deep waters only,
The sleeping mother and babe--hush'd, I study them long and long.
3:8 Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger
We consider bibles and religions divine--I do not say they are not divine,
smiled.
surely drink of it.
17:13 And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of
I cannot but remember such things were
spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat
5:4 Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into
the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth;

fruit of the trees which the hail had left: and there remained not any
be cut off.
among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou
and could comprehend his regretting that Captain Wentworth should do
on the other.  I saw you first in February."  And then whispering--
men of war.

that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the
Good-bye, good-bye."

so much worse that Harriet should be in love with Mr. Knightley,
New war provoked: our better part remains 
voice of numbers; and though he had the wish, he never had the power, to
directions to his friends.  One was:  "Knock these fellows down somehow
was nevertheless the fact.  The two had hunted in couples at school

and they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of
41:3 Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with
more proper or pleasing than his whole manner to her--nothing could
and there he died.
they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth
us? or who shall enter into our habitations?  21:14 But I will punish
That with exhilarating vapour bland 
 I am but two days old."

all their own.  Uppercross excited no interest, Kellynch very little:
"I believe you are right," he replied, "and yet I
"How can that be? By whom can you have heard
Their wants provided for, hued in the sun and tinged for once with joy,
15:11 The LORD said, Verily it shall be well with thy remnant; verily
3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
18:1 The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 18:2
Thou art my father, thou my author, thou 

flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp.
enough); then, the already shaken ivory received such an additional

He knocked at an ordinary varnished door in the corridor.  When a
I am integral with you, I too am of one phase and of all phases.
"Pull yourself together," said the Professor, "or you'll get
copied or parodied with an impatient contempt; and in the

like to leave home; I'll go to Barbara, and you shall see your guinea-hen

Against the Torturer; when, to meet the noise 
33:23 Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying, 33:24

for him to eat the Brahmin, and to abide by their decision.
observation.  He was employed, as soon as he had gratified his curiosity,
Elinor agreed to it all, for she did not think
her child to the housekeeper, she quitted it again,

Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.
the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast
Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them.
Suddenly, from far off in the air toward the great salt lake, there was
his father; this made me think well of both father and son.  I speak

there?"

I suspect I shall there find each old particular of those unnamed lands.

iniquity with stripes.
I should not have dared to give way to--I should not have thought
7:14 And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he
shaken. "There are a good number of them certainly, but they may

8:18 I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me
and with your idols.
the bow window of a handsome new inn, which the glazier was at this
"I doubt its being very clever myself," said Mr. Weston.
Abandoned, at the terrour of thy power 

housekeeper will ice it for you.  I only hope your cake will be as good

half seas over, about three o'clock in the morning.  Oh, ye stars! he
also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the
2:24 Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by
to be noticed.  What an immense time Mrs Clay has been staying
ours is a good old family, you'll understand it is a necessary part of
beside your vows, and your freewill offerings, for your burnt
6:14 And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's
}  Song of the Exposition
father's house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim
not omit reporting even a porpoise.  This vigilance was not long
22:20 But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not
35:29 The children of Israel brought a willing offering unto the LORD,
rayther guess you'll be done BROWN if that ere harpooneer hears you a
and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering: but

I give not Heaven for lost: from this descent 
spoken amongst us; we all feel the influence of a something beyond

  Messa. Cicero is dead, and by that order of proscription
It is too full o'th' Milke of humane kindnesse,
upheld, the body would at once sink to the bottom.
"And can'st thou make it all smooth again, blacksmith, after such
20:11 His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down

it to be communicated; especially to one, who, like Mr. Knightley,

species of whale.  Porpoises, indeed, are to this day considered fine
of Benhadad.
them to eat and to drink.
friends, if we are to get on with this matter you'd best show me the
the cross will stand upright."

Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and
12:4 A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh
Since not th' exterior, nor the inward man
and such as are for the famine, to the famine; and such as are for the
to be employed by one of the peasants who came to Naples to load their
and gone off into uncontrollable fits of laughter.  The girl had

But Marianne for some time would give credit to neither.
according to his works: 4:15 Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath
  3. O wofull day!
"Indeed, I can easily believe that it was a very great
Mr. Weston's shall clear him and his next neighbour.  Come, sir,
That he could nothing doe but wish and begge,

"My dear, honest children," said she, "I am very glad you told me all
Of unsurpass'd heroes, (was one side so brave? the other was equally brave;)
11:20 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they should
10:31 But Jehu took no heed to walk in the law of the LORD God of



eat, but ye shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye
say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon
them do something for her; as well they may, for they are all rolling in
for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the
"That will do," said he, when it was finished, thinking aloud--
And all the Prophets in their age the times 

Divine compassion visibly appear'd, 

to be sorry that she had missed the opportunity of seeing them.
snatching the burning harpoon, Ahab waved it like a torch among them;
they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a
"You are mistaken, my good sir, and you are not mistaken," said Mr. Case,
virgin wonders and terrors that Cook with all his marines and
is as yellow as that hill is steep.  No; there are only two things

"God keep me!--keep us all!" murmured Starbuck, lowly.

the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.
Flourish.
of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men: 17:23 And they shall
fifth day of the month, as I sat in mine house, and the elders of
so we shall be a good deal in Harley Street, I dare say,
"Spike is the best," said the old man, opening his blue eyes
the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with

God, being baptized with the baptism of John.
been mine."
much of them is true. Ireland is like that. It is so old that even as
Steele could not be kept beyond a couple of minutes,
5:43 Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy
man and his house like a black cloud of locusts. The horses had

punch.

The lithe sheer of their waists plays even with their massive arms,
not a soul could he see stirring, but a few that he could not make attend
and gravely; "but I never thought the story about Atlantis was
8:15 By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.
20:18 Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice

41:37 And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes



three guineas towards the payment of his debt, and hinted that, if he
1:4 The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts:
5:18 The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of
unpardonably imparted; an idea which she greatly feared had been made
          CHARADE.
and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee
of Goshen.
your God.
"Lord bless me! when should I ever have thought of putting by in cotton
And grace that won who saw to wish her stay, 
make it into two parcels, Mrs. Ford, could not you?"
or his representative across the shore."
children are their fathers.

Companion of the city's busiest streets, through the assemblage,

conflagration were indeed of an odd sort, and MacIan turned a
11:6 These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of
draped, both insecurely and insufficiently, in what looked like
     Till with sound of trumpet,
"Look ye here, then," cried Ahab, passionately advancing, and leaning

7:25 And now, O LORD God, the word that thou hast spoken concerning
Their motion; at whose front a flaming sword, 
its violet-blue, like the vein of a frozen finger.  For miles and miles,
isolated instances of the presence of the sperm whale in the
he observed.  He remained thus for a measurable period, as if engaged
were all safely lodged in the county gaol, he sent for Brian O'Neill and
with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these
The red-haired detective who had masqueraded as Gogol rose to his

him, 6:9 There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two
With matted beard, and swathed in a bristling shark-skin apron, about
So he hurried to the Smiling Pool, where he was sure he would find Billy
she wished she could know that they had been allowed to eat it.
and a woman whom no one named without good-will.  It was her own
be.
34:1 And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went
Herculean Samson, from the harlot-lap 
a clown until I die."

a tree.  Then he also tumbled his long legs into the tonneau,
shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell.
steps.
Still more, his very legs were marked, as if a parcel of dark green
be seated.  But this he declined, as he was dirty and wet.
than he can one exactly astern.  In a word, the position of the
"Indeed, my dear, it would be no loss to me; and, if it were, I would
place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them


changed naturally into pity and contempt as he turned over
his ruling principle."
So talked the spirited sly Snake; and Eve, 

But were the coming narrative to reveal in any instance, the complete
     Flambeau's eyes rolled.  "Is this man a coin-collector?" he asked.


It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. 'It's really
time; that one blade of grass makes an oasis, three blades in a day's


12:3 And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all
which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which
the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the
A very good man, and very much the gentleman I am sure:
began to tumble themselves about the island garden.  He gave two brief
5:3 I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my
47:2 Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare
the Greeks give it a separate deity, and own brother of Jove?  Surely
however, he was equally at a loss with herself to make out;
By Ducroix's advice the five others equipped themselves with some

The womb, the teats, nipples, breast-milk, tears, laughter, weeping,
which thou hast made, and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of
untainted in blood and understanding.--Some faults of temper John
to contend with, and in addition to these distresses had been afflicted

18:29 And the king said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz

they rushed with one accord into the theatre.
one or the other of us think differently; and, in the meanwhile,
to you, not only for wine and hospitality here, but for many a
Of God inspired! small store will serve, where store, 


of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over?  51:11 Therefore the
Walkes o're the dew of yon high Easterne Hill,
break yours. Here are your friends."

Man I deceived: that which to me belongs, 
and smiles reined in and spirits dancing in private rapture.
Lucy.  Pray sit down.                     (He sits down.)
fine clothes she never looks half so neat.  Mamma says she wishes I may
Spontaneous me, Nature,
print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.
English culture, English comfort, seen under a sun bright,
the northern poor take to drink--and our own poor take to daggers."

Mrs. Hodges may well be angry.  William Larkins mentioned it here.
the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.
upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright.
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
mistake, this hen, that comes from Miss Barbara, is the selfsame
and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah, 4:37 And Ziza the son of Shiphi,
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
morning, as soon as the sun is up, thou shalt rise early, and set upon
the most charming side of Germany--those little pantomime,
she watched with great interest, while the man and her father took the
29:25 And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all
2:1 Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies,

their eyes purging thicke Amber, or Plum-Tree
and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost.
With thoughts beyond thee; reaches of our Soules,
The shadows, gleams, up under the leaves of the old sycamore-trees,
pins, and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle, for the
over the front of the cab. Sunday leant forward, seized it, and
giveth the priest, it shall be his.
divided in future, her mind might be always supported.
23:7 Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that they shall
sure enough.  How attentive she is, to think of every
I'm persuaded, if my lord leaves his friends to their inclinations, it
and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the
thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the
coat or no.
To draw and clinch your soul for once inseparably with mine,
he might find some too, and sell them as she had done.
That time celestial visages, yet, mixed 
  Clo. For no man Sir
14:28 And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD,
about six hundred men.




Twas a bold act then--the English war-ships had just arrived,
allow that there is something very trying to a young woman
of the room from where the two ladies were sitting, and though nearer
the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in
by two men."
it.

Potsdam itself could require, but it was yet more like that lavish and
and yet in allowance for his feelings so pleasantly, that his countenance
"Oh, never mind!  I don't think I shall feel it cold at all," said Hal,
Instead of admiring the good sense and steadiness of this little lad,
"Well, Master Archer," said he, "there's no refusing you nothing.  You


go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you;
vp, and
    your sake if you are he,)
soon have an offer of marriage, and from a most unexceptionable

shaken with the wind?  11:8 But what went ye out for to see? A man
when ye find him.

8:4 And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the
9:16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth,
possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land
Levied to side with warring winds, and poise 
brought forth into the sea, the waters shall be healed.
guinea to a gentleman's servant, who is there without, and who said his
30:10 And if she vowed in her husband's house, or bound her soul by a
or other, swims before all human hearts; while chasing such over this

He will be found like Brutus, like himselfe
What is it that in the Albino man so peculiarly repels and often
wooden trencher, while Tashtego, knife in hand, began laying out the
gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth
   Hor. My Lord, I thinke I saw him yesternight
They haue proclaim'd their Malefactions.
    of the living,
Knee-tribute yet unpaid, prostration vile! 
Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh.
my eye on it; and, as soon as I dared, caught it up, and never
from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and
12:19 Take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the Levite as long as
see if Buster was coming that he didn't see Buster waiting there until
seem to be a something in the air of Hartfield which gives love
clash, as of thunder, in the room, and then a blinding light. Fairy
the clinking crutch and labouring feet of the infernal cripple.
  Lady. Nought's had, all's spent.
To magnify his works, the more we know. 


Charles, being somewhat more mindful of the probabilities of the case,
Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the
tongue of the wise is health.
other that we might almost have leaped from the mast-heads of one
"It is too much a matter of fact, but here it is.--What two letters
successfully embodied; these pictures, so destitute as they are of
door and pulled out the pan. Out jumped the little Gingerbread Boy on to
39:9 I was dumb, I opened not my mouth; because thou didst it.
if it did not perfectly justify the unqualified bitterness of Mrs Smith,

share," said he, laying down his money; "and now for the burnt almonds

You remember him, I am sure."
upon Elinor, saw her turning pale, and fell back in her

other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
quite unknowingly, within twenty miles of each other.  Captain Harville
came out of the bushes, and looked towards him for their orders.
sleep, I was horribly conscious of something fatally wrong.  The
5:1 Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and
the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the
from their leader and father in philosophy.  Dr Hirsch,


the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit.
     Then the soldier continued:  "Putnam, of course, with his

have it.  Where's the mandarin?  Oh, I have it," said she, taking it up,

11:39 And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned
thing which her countenance or manner could ever have wanted.--
If you meet some stranger in the streets and love him or her, why
It was all very well to say 'Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was
and through, because he was just little enough to be the nicest kind of
the field.
22:1 And they continued three years without war between Syria and
time now, and I'd forgotten all about it. My, my, my, how good some
for an everlasting possession.
"By salt and hemp!" cried Stubb, "but this swift motion of the deck

no headship of a family; and if they could but keep Captain Wentworth
That's what he did, and nobody else could have saved poor James.
The swell'd and convuls'd and congested awake to themselves in condition,
So well converse, nor with the ox the ape; 
But how his countenance changed! the hat was heavy with shillings.

do wish you'd give up this scheme; I daresay all the apples are gone by
no more sleep two in a bed at sea, than bachelor Kings do ashore.  To
But neuer till to Night, neuer till now,
low cabin framework to shake, as when an African elephant goes
Will you turn aside all your life? will you grub and chatter all
Before Sir Walter had reached this point, Anne's eyes had caught
bow and an easy smile.
unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.
27:18 Damascus was thy merchant in the multitude of the wares of thy

Turned him, all ear to hear new utterance flow. 
cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him.
Her bosom, smelling sweet: and, these scarce blown, 

They that haue done this Deede, are honourable.
Dear me! When I look back to the first time I saw him! How little


8:4 As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are

I announce a man or woman coming, perhaps you are the one, (So long!)
14:41 And he cometh the third time, and saith unto them, Sleep on now,

chimney-pot hat; he was wrapped in a yet more old-fashioned cloak,
this--the first lives aft, the last forward.  Hence, in whale-ships
when the towers fall.
something innocent and insolent--the cake walk.
not fit to hold the basin for a gentleman."
This was a proverb which Piedro had frequently heard from his father, and
2:9 He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be
3:20 At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I
pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts

18:11 For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.

I suppose she is quite in the dark.  The attentions of a certain
meditations, as to fail being attracted occasionally towards that
"He ought to come," said Emma.  "If he could stay only a couple
had finished his task, fed Lightfoot, and put by the sixpence he had



Hence then, and evil go with thee along, 
Ahab's head, and reached higher than that.  In this attitude the
it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the

Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on
   Brut. I am not Gamesom: I do lacke some part

40:15 And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of
40:26 And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches

beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain,
16:2 For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest,
and shall heal them.
his God.
There was, indeed, a rank of dim figures running across the road,
Along the mighty labyrinth.
 But, if at the Church they would give us some ale,
remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into
also, whom he had raised from the dead.
of business, shows of cattle, or new drills--and might not you,
incomprehensible to me.  I hope he will be more agreeable now.
different from her's!"
city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but

Upon her husband; saw their shame that sought 

Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he

while Miss Dashwood was only the daughter of a private
priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he
From what we feare, yet know not what we feare,
"We generally call him Sunday," replied Gregory with simplicity.
truth, and shall be turned unto fables.
Mr. Weston entered into the idea with thorough enjoyment,
youth; even as thine, sir, are the wife and child of thy loving,

board.  "This promises rarely.  Old as I am, and tall of my age, which
Pleasantly and well-suited I walk,
this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect

"Who's there?" hearing the footstep at the door, but not turning
things before me?  25:10 Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment
Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven
     "There's my lord with the back that never was bent;

3:22 Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or
they conceive to be agreeable.
Bordering on light; when straight behold the throne 
unhappy coincidences really go."

"I do, sir."
A present of fifty pounds, now and then, will prevent
listened.  She saw the crowd of children coming nearer and nearer.  They
when iniquity shall have an end, 21:26 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Remove
103:16 For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place
The very next day however produced some proof of inspiration.
5:11 His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black
third and fourth generation of them that hate me, 5:10 And shewing
miscellaneously carnivorous shark will seldom touch a man.
29:26 And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the


of consideration.  One cannot resolve upon them in a hurry.
Her yong ones in her Nest, against the Owle:
and there comes out of the hedge--I don't know well how, for they
Such a sight we shall not soon see."

them in fifty pounds a year a-piece, and, of course,
We courst him at the heeles, and had a purpose
  Ham. In my minds eye (Horatio)

this work, when the horses of a nobleman's carriage took fright at the
that whaling may well be regarded as that Egyptian mother, who bore
their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of
by nature to be fond of low company, I am so little at
upon the sofa, and she said, that she did not feel the pain of her ankle

31:23 For destruction from God was a terror to me, and by reason of
of the altar.
20:4 And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer
They were sick with horror, while he examined; but he was not hopeless.
23:29 Is not my word like as a fire? saith the LORD; and like a hammer
of his death, and dwelt in a several house. And Jotham the king's son
purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen.

Huge Python, and his power no less he seemed 

with Absalom. And David said, O LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of
sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in
heard Lady Diana's loud voice betting upon someone who was just going to
up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves,
Beat! beat! drums!--blow! bugles! blow!
nearest her heart, that Dr Shirley, the rector, who for more than
"No, put them in here, if you please; put my sister's, at least, in here;
One evening in particular, about a week after
impaling the letter on it, sent it thus loaded back into the ship.
Lucy.  Don't be frightened! don't be frightened!--I mean, you tell the
She began to think that be must be in liquor;--the

16:5 For thus saith the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning,

clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither
"They are excellent--most excellent, and I am much obliged to you,
No more be mentioned then of violence 
16:23 And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To
18:15 And Hezekiah gave him all the silver that was found in the house

4:2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth
who cried out in a hoarse and strangled voice: "Robbed!  I've been robbed!"
2:14 What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith,

and one wing and one eye! It was just half a chicken.
The measure'd faiths of other lands, the grandeurs of the past,
16:32 He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that
5:14 And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders
1:29  Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which
Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at

wondering, _so_ contentedly, whether he should be the mast of a ship or
their hearts.
I, thou poore Ghost, while memory holds a seate
my room.  For several hours I lay there broad awake, feeling a great
people.

returning into the hall, she found the peddler just unbuckling his box,
His daring foot is on land and sea everywhere, he colonizes the
    thy soaring spirit,
THE TAILOR AND THE THREE BEASTS
great high place: a thousand burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon
salutations to him in the street, lest if they pursued the
rolling billows.  The air around suddenly vibrated and tingled, as it
2:4 And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that

His reputation he justly held very cheap.
The burnt almond had such an effect upon the public judgment, that it was
goeth after their covetousness.
"Better and better, man.  Would now St. Paul would come along that
The proofe of it will turne to redder drops:
verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and
   Dard. Shall I doe such a deed?
unto him, Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire?  14:32 And
Be considerate with her now and ever hot Libertad, for you are all,
the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go
5:11 And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of

"Is not this song worth staying for?" said Anne, suddenly struck
119:141 I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts.
she should be very glad to have it all, you know,
Stubb scattered the dead ashes over the water; and, for a moment,
an artificial flower and everyone will think it's for a lady's hat.
speed. But Syme was in no mood for delicacies, and he stood up in
his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son, 3:14 Amon his son, Josiah
woollen shirt.




had come, and saw that at this point the sable facade of fir and pine
As sorted best with present things.  The sun 
ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.
tell it better."
policeman, "as I have the honour to be somewhat in the confidence
To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.
against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house
I am resolved to finish the basket after supper."
Access denied; and overhead upgrew 
despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne
Lawrence leaning against his father's door, "what makes you look so
Thou! with as now thy bending neck and head, with courteous hand
  Ser. Souldiers Sir
they were swallowed.  If you stooped over too far forward, you risked
what I have been telling you?--Let me be a little lightened
her heart.
flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud
"Two guineas!" exclaimed Jem, now quite conquering his bashfulness, for
and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a
   Por. Is Brutus sicke? And is it Physicall
killeth a man, he shall be put to death.
17:17 Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company
Obtruded on us thus? who, if we knew 
be inimitable, though I shall practise it in my bath. Do you mind
In compliance with the standing order of his commander--to report
rush candles for Mary to work by.  He had gathered and stripped a good
destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited.

Philistines, and out of the land of Judah.
till noon, scarcely stirring from her sister's bed,
20:14 And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and
cook my broth."

him.
a public statement beginning with a young girl dying in Brighton
Our Legions are brim full, our cause is ripe,
27:19 Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stranger,
city of old Manhatto, I duly arrived in New Bedford.  It was a

home.  She was detained by her father's returning later than usual.  His

And universal darkness buries all."'
lodged, and laid them down there.
will cut off the multitude of No.
8:2 And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both
When I could scarce believe him mine,
30:36 And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and
occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and the constant


Bright temple, to Egyptian Thebes he flies. 
of this attack to the many weeks of previous indisposition
unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the
biscuit on top and applying the flame from the lamp, he kindled the
wonders to be done by their hands.
people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed

into his eyes. It was terribly uncomfortable. The little Half-Chick
more on your sister's.  I never wish to offend, but I
the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that
2:18 And the idols he shall utterly abolish.
and with other things for the purifying of the women;) 2:13 Then thus
was now his question.  "I scorn to take advantage of a hasty moment; but

to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him, 14:30 Saying, This
for the future were all that could yet be possible on Emma's side.
begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the
28:13 And thou shalt make ouches of gold; 28:14 And two chains of pure
6:12 All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient:
upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your
their ears, their work-bags searched, and their knives
came into the floor.
Wabash, Miami, Saginaw, Chippewa, Oshkosh, Walla-Walla,

more agreeably denote his wish of considering her as a friend and

And thinke it pastime. You shortly shall heare more,
were twelve: 25:29 The two and twentieth to Giddalti, he, his sons,
there.
had already rolled away the mists.  It was in no way rationally reassuring;
Violet. (aside to her mother).  Mamma, do you know--you know you want a
 
18:11 Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the
remaineth over lay up for you to be kept until the morning.
"I am a portrait," repeated the Professor. "I am a portrait of the
upon the hills, and under every green tree: 12:3 And ye shall
desire to meet Farmer Brown, or Farmer Brown's boy, or any other of
It is lagging--O I think it is heavy with love, with love.
is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be
"Marquis," he said, "your action is worthy of your fame and blood.

parallel to it a linked and tangled line of lime-trees, forming a
suburbs; four cities.
now, is what old Bowditch in his Epitome calls the zodiac, and what
4:16 And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became

shank, the steel soon pointed the end of the iron; and as the
and prospereth in their hands.


Others came single; he, who, to be deemed 
Parting track'd by arriving, perpetual payment of perpetual loan,
led on to talk of them all in the usual way, and to take the child
50:42 They shall hold the bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will

rather too much.  She questioned him as to the society in Yorkshire--
  1. Was't not the way?
Israel, and Jerusalem.
even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the
"Why should I take it off," retorted MacIan, with equal heat,

I should say that he was about the bigness of a grampus.  He is very

and of the son of Remaliah.
12:13 And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to

arm.  Everybody looked round to see where the voice came from.  It was
Where I left reading? Heere it is I thinke.
she said, "was that of making her _unreasonable_.  The consciousness
There she was welcomed, with the utmost delight, by her father,

with my compliments.  He will be glad to hear it."
Every time I ascended to the deck from my watches below, I instantly
The hour of retribution was, however, not so far off as Felix imagined.
Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him . Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later released him . Even while suffering the trip to his home , Cook swore to Moore and Lane that he would kill the Indian . Three weeks later , following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez . Arriving at daybreak , they found Julio in his corral and demanded that he surrender . Instead , he whirled and ran to his house for a gun , forcing them to kill him , Cook reported . Both Cook's and Russell's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished . On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased . While talking with Julian M. Beall , Francisco Archuleta and Juan Marcus appeared , both heavily armed , and after watching the house for a while , rode away . It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with Beall and began riding down the stream . They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them . Suspecting an ambush , the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill . After spending two nights ( Wednesday and Thursday ) in Catskill , the deputies again headed for the Vermejo to finish their business . They stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old Garnett Lee ranch . Half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong , occupied by a Mexican , his wife , and an old trapper . There were three houses in Salyer's Canyon just at the foot of a low bluff , the road winding along the top , entering above , and then passing down in front of the houses , thence to the Vermejo . To the west of this road was another low bluff , forty or fifty feet high , covered with scrub oak and other brush . As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs , a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers . Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body . With the first reports , Russell's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of Salyer's Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . Grabbing his Winchester from its sheath , Cook prepared to fight from behind the arroyo bank . Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire . Noticing Russell's horse in front of the long log building , he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight , so he began working his way down the ditch to join him . At a very shallow place , two Mexicans rushed into the open for a shot . Dropping to one knee , Cook felled one , and the other struggled off with his comrade , sending no further fire in his direction . Just before leaving the arroyo where he was partially concealed , he did hear shots down at the house . Russell had reached the house as Cook surmised , dismounted , but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him , he fell into the trapper's arms -- dead . A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head , tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side . Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins . Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered . MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance . The men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid . The officer demanded the names of the injured men ; ; the Mexicans not only refused to give them , but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it . Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw . The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent . During the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; ; some buildings , farm tools , two horses , plows , and hay owned by Bonito Lavato , a friendly interpreter for the company , and Pedro Chavez' hay were stolen or destroyed ; ; and a store was broken into and robbed . District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone . Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico . His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense , perpetuating the troubles . By early summer , he wrote from Laramie that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so Pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return . Pels also sent a check for $100 to Russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave . Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position . They were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the Vermejo , and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot . And the law virtually ignored the situation . The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks . Pels complained : `` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ; public money spent ; ; justice delayed ; ; nothing accomplished , and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute farce '' . Word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales , a man with many followers , including a number who were kept in line through fear of him . Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served . On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez . By 3:00 A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant . When they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room . Still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing . About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square . While prowling around these buildings , two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside . He was promised that no harm would befall him if he would come out , but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming near the door . The posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive . Again he refused . In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor . When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . Shot near the heart , he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away , three bullets following him . As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside . Not realizing the seriousness of the wound , the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him . Receiving no answer , they set the fire . When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel . Finding it true that he was not inside , the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket . Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand . Shot six or eight times the body was draped with Russell's pistol , belt , and cartridges . There was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who , though numbering in the fifties , had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack . Early the next morning , a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso Chavez , one of the posse members , was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo . The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman . Traveling all night , Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 . Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach . A Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against Chavez for taking part in the `` murder '' of Manuel Gonzales so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger . The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave . The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses , defending themselves through loopholes , it would be most difficult to capture them . Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ? If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ? He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately .

"I hope not, I believe not," cried Elinor.
heifer's neck there in the valley: 21:5 And the priests the sons of
16:13 Thus wast thou decked with gold and silver; and thy raiment was

to talk to you.  I have been making discoveries and forming plans,
"Lower away!"--cried Ahab, tossing the mate's arm from him.  "Stand


said on that manner.
consume the palaces of Benhadad.
83:6 The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the

passed in peace; the men who still remained at their duty toiling
the condition of that dead bone upon which he partly stood.  For it

considered anything but her own immediate gratification--"Become of YOU,
said,--
was made in the right direction, a dingy office, next to the shop
up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns.

room.
him, What is written in the law? how readest thou?  10:27 And he
would have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.
Edward if he came directly from London.  No, he had
in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come

Breathing united force with fixed thought, 
Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza, 8:37 And Moza begat Binea:
announcing their arrival in Conduit Street the night before,
And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will

"His dogs barking, of course," said the Secretary.
83:17 Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let them be


of which districts are three lines; one to show the number of days

When their weapons rang and riposted in the little London garden,
Then to say one: but I am very sorry good Horatio,
and the friends they had left behind.
3:29 Devise not evil against thy neighbour, seeing he dwelleth
have the letter over again, and settle how long he had been gone,
and that shall be entirely in the manner of your own philosophical
"Sire," he said, making a low bow, "permit your humble servant to offer
thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release

So might the wrath!  Fond wish!couldst thou support 
alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and
41:14 Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him

31:7 And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times;
19:20 And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid,
14:32 What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation? That


    burning for his love whom I love,
Brought death into the World, and all our woe, 

28:20 Whence then cometh wisdom? and where is the place of
Fit haunt of Gods? where I had hope to spend, 
For many years of her life she had had two sons;
go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son

take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what
13:22 And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves,
Kant having studied and stated, Fichte and Schelling and Hegel,

"Bad news for you, Peggy," cried she, as soon as she got home.  "And bad
Marianne was in every respect materially better,
     Dr Orion Hood paused for one instant on the doormat and drank in
Haughty this song, its words and scope,

128:3 Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of thine
"When I have seen Mr. Elton," replied Jane, "I dare say I
Our Caesars Vesture wounded? Looke you heere,
Whilst they were gone in pursuit of the thieves, the lady, who was now
anxiously about her. 'Oh, do let me help to undo it!'
priest had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.
their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?  1:23 Turn you at my
8:12 And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took

16:2 Twenty years old was Ahaz when he began to reign, and reigned
creature as civilized, domestic people in the temperate zone only see
passages, marked their way with chalk when they came to any turning, lest
simplicity, "but we must stop for a moment, because it is a


15:33 In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha the son of
You toil of painful and choked articulations, you meannesses,

7:8 And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat
fifties, and rulers of tens: 18:22 And let them judge the people at
13:13 Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and
Edward started--"Reserved! Am I reserved, Marianne?"
other work--Queequeg, Daggoo, and Tashtego, being all accomplished
eastward, unto the east country.
and Henrietta should just run down for a few minutes, to see their aunt
The strata of color'd clouds, the long bar of maroon-tint away
Anne's mind was in a most favourable state for the entertainment
to her brother, who is one of the post-boys. I happened
Cecilia canvassed with the most zealous activity.  By constant attention
and affecting to take no notice of what passed,
answered Jeremiah, saying, 44:16 As for the word that thou hast spoken
be utterly excluded from your contemporary consciousness.  How is it,
So forcible within my heart I feel 
Moses; and they slew all the males.
to make a row.  In that case I reckon a man from the Western Sun


voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.
men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things
The glories strung like beads on my smallest sights and hearings, on
where you can--it will not satisfy YOU, I know; but you
beseech thee.
104:1 Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, thou art very great;

78:41 Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One
rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this
At these words, spoken with much sullen importance, Archer, in spite of

now that you can earn halfpence for yourselves, children, it is fair
have to do in town at this time of year?"
Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done

and the highest himself shall establish her.
Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.
he found that she wanted it to make a garland for her mother's grave.
back and made quite a clamour in the hall. Syme, who tried at
}  Behold This Swarthy Face



all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day,
Look in my face while I snuff the sidle of evening,
36:12 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God,
Well, manmaker!
1:15 And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that


those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run to and fro

sportsmen in the country."
there, or sit here under my footstool: 2:4 Are ye not then partial in
}  A Broadway Pageant
Lecherie, Sir, it prouokes, and vnprouokes: it prouokes
when a window burst open above him and a head was thrust out,

Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet
was locked, Ahab thereby motioned Starbuck's plate towards him, the
was to help to persuade him into it, which was done pretty soon.--
him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and
of doubt and indecision, the great question of whither he should go
and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say,
"he has told you, that in the East Indies the climate is hot,
of such exercise for his patient.  The answer was only in this
of her own friends in the secret of the past, which seemed almost to deny


priests of the LORD, that were valiant men: 26:18 And they withstood
strange to me as well as to you."
hands and danced round the shoes on the bench, till the shoemaker and
days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will
Something to eke out a minute additional--shadows of nightfall deepening,
To find who might direct his wandering flight 
23:5 And the LORD put a word in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto
It was kindly said, and very far from giving offence.  A pleasant
In hugger mugger to interre him. Poore Ophelia
of the other; he repeated, with such tremulous feeling, the various lines
24:5 The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof; because

such a fine shiny little acorn that he thought he would take it home
words across the top of the copy, made some highly mysterious marks
all difficulties you know; and from _us_ I really think, my dear Jane,
Sat on his throne, upheld by old repute, 
25:19 And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill,
part in similar ceremonies, looked no ways abashed; but taking the
backbones, my boys?  What is it you stare at?  Those chaps in yonder
peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.
To memory of thee.
I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as ever I open
I, my friends, if you do not, can plainly see her,
eyes on De Grey.  "Well, woman," said he, "what do you want with me?"
6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for
Lord J.  I have promised to leave them to themselves; and Wheeler, I am
6:19 Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words
land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity
33:14 Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I

settled there, and encumbered with many low connexions, but giving
heeds he the far rush of the mighty whale, which even now with open
upward.
thousand, five hundred a-year (for Miss Morton has
I had just quitted.  It was one of those queer-shaped war-clubs
Afar on arctic ice the she-walrus lying drowsily while her cubs play around,
4:14 And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor


thimbleful.  Very good; but there is more coming.  Some weeks after,
"But it is beautiful," retorted her mother; "I chose the pattern myself.


which shewed him not pleased, soon afterwards said,
11:34 Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I

You misled me by the term gentleman.  I thought you were speaking of
unto the valley of Hinnom.
that prudent isle were inclined to harbor the conceit, that for those

 Freely put off, and for him lastly die 
Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.
Rinaldini, insomuch that most fishermen were content to recognise him
These feminine. For Spirits, when they please, 
and the man was very great, and he had three thousand sheep, and a
For, what admirest thou, what transports thee so, 
and therefore it only dispirited her more.
How should I think, how breathe a single breath, how speak, if, out
excessively to be acquainted with Captain Wentworth, and I know
punishment.  And how pleasing to God was this conduct in Jonah, is
and Talbot must pay.  I spoke to him about it, and charged him to
10:41 And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art
LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven,
never went; hast slept by many a sailor's side, where sleepless
you.
Breake we our Watch vp, and by my aduice


and unreserved.  You cannot doubt your sister's wishes.
oppose reason to the angry orator.  "It cannot be a stroke aimed at 'you
gone and left the stars by accident.
"It can't be!" he cried, leaping. "There can't--"
2:12 Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword.

wrath.
shall not come near thee.
Causes import your need of this fair fruit. 
them in a moment.
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the
our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same

from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo;
against an iron object. The instant after that four men had crawled

`The tongue is a little member, but--'
Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come
3:23 When Joab and all the host that was with him were come, they told
of a bad cold in his head, upon which Jonah mixed him a pitch-like
18:20 But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name,
thy kingdom.
    comes to me,
one with the general stolidity discernible in the whole visible
Live to ourselves, though in this vast recess, 
To kill their gracious Father? Damned Fact,
no waste of time.  She was deep in the happiness of such misery,
5:23 For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath done
for any possible good to my family, I should have fixed
which lay at his feet, "My friends, here is some mistake! this is not my
understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads



'The author not impaired, but honoured more? 
8:33 When thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because
she did not know what to do.  Yes, quite a proposal of marriage;
north parts, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon

did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places.
Wandering at morn,
2:28 And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty
because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and
Our purer essence then will overcome 
6:19 And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude
4:12 And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this Shunammite. And when
and he is not heard of. But you cannot be for five minutes in the

way complete.  Reference to nearly all the leviathanic allusions in
1:13 And David said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou?
My coming seen far off?  I miss thee here, 
go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again.
grand feast there.

15:17 In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began
though Mrs. Jennings was governed in it by an impulse
To vnder-goe, with me, an Enterprize,
7:17 And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and
13:6 For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's
is grievous.

She was a benevolent, charitable, good woman, and capable of
Lest, wilfully transgressing, he pretend 
we had got clear of them."

The Serpent that did sting thy Fathers life,
out of the book all the words of the LORD, 36:12 Then he went down
What think you I take my pen in hand to record?

of renewing it; and this for more reasons than one.

33:1 Rejoice in the LORD, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the
to the water; you observe that the lower part of that front slopes
clinging to him like an old friend, and declaring he should not go;
unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep:
ball as the forfeit.  This I would not do; and when he began to wrestle
Of absolute perfection! therein Man 
the people righteously, and govern the nations upon earth. Selah.
father, and to lounge or sleep away his time in a fishing-boat, acquired

near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge.
across the end of that street."
of barbarian etiquette, to throttle the freedom of aristocracy!
unto the prophets.
Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the
it must have been the whole.  But the Martins occupied her thoughts
"the very name of your imagined God will have echoed for the last time
that ye are gods: yea, do good, or do evil, that we may be dismayed,
this conceit of mine as it may, gentlemen, at all events Steelkilt

2:15 And deliver them who through fear of death were all their
be sober, it is for your cause.

Jane speaks so distinct!  However, she will not find her grandmama
But the case is altered now.  She knows now what gentlemen are;
46:28 Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with

but on entering the house she beheld what no foresight

of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the

  Bru. Caesar, 'tis strucken eight
the seas.  Why, you King-Post, you, I suppose you would have every
41:12 Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even them that
That she should locke her selfe from his Resort,
"Your woraciousness, fellow-critters, I don't blame ye so much for;
Of commonalty:  Swarming next appeared 
brilliantly named the "vertigo of the infinite," when another

savage--a sort of Feegee fish.  He sometimes takes the great Folio
a sort of Robinson Crusoe.

were very dry.
37:6 And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master,

28:8 Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the
There was a small window at the end of the back staircase, through which,
Talb.  That's well done, Wheeler; fight the by-battle there with Bursal.

Just.  Right, right.  It's a pity, child, you are not upon the Bench; ha!
Sweetness into my heart, unfelt before, 

of Elisha which he spake.
that speak English?"
and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.
witness.  The old prisoners could make a pet of a mouse or a
hath forsaken the earth.

I am sorrie that with better speed and iudgement
I see mechanics working, I see buildings everywhere founded, going
inserted into his spout-hole.
And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.
But this pre-eminence thou hast lost, brought down 
Nantucketer.
pole was then driven hard up into the socket; from the lower end the
As fill'd with friendship, love complete, the Elder Brother found,
head of the institution."
able and powerful systems which rationalism, or the religion of
have dreamt it--but I was completely persuaded--Miss Smith,

of the frantic thing, of which, for the time, it was no longer an


on Windsor Terrace, enlivened by the performance of several bands of
down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to
20:9 For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again

Thy goary lockes at me
upon their own heads, saith the Lord GOD.
28:65 And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall

and more than a reasonable, becoming degree of prudence, she was very

To doffe their dire distresses
3:29 The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the
fire the foundations of the mountains.
"I have not touched one, you covetous little creature!"
so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them:
"You ought to know, Sammy Jay," said he. "I hope you'll always remember
big bed that.  Why, afore we give it up, Sal used to put our Sam and
will carry, and will deliver you.
Some say hee's mad: Others, that lesser hate him,

   Cas. And come your selues, & bring Messala with you
last day of Creation, wore a coat covered with heraldic animals in
His benediction so, that in his seed 
Pain is no expiation.  I never can be blameless.  I have been acting

 
if he could do any thing. . . ."
the shadow of the wall Turnbull crept out.  He had struggled
that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
     "My God! what is this?" cried Sir Cecil Fanshaw.
affections were not farther entangled!--I could never, I confess,
That endlessly sounds from the two Great Seas of the world.

22:49 And that bringeth me forth from mine enemies: thou also hast

The Decanter.
20:18 But I said unto their children in the wilderness, Walk ye not in
permit myself to say good morning! The sight of an acquaintance and
5:10 And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the
us, as at the first. But the children of Israel said, Let us flee, and
Our fealty from God, or to disturb 
   Ham. How now, a Rat? dead for a Ducate, dead
The Chase.--Third Day.
This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the
thing that I long for!  6:9 Even that it would please God to destroy
all join hands."
16:11 Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.



instant as the lowering of the boats from the deck, this had not
12:2 And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam
tonight is important, though it need not be long. This branch
Our time, our term has come.
that."
Shechaniah.
of steps which led to the garden, in her violent haste, Cecilia threw
  Ham. Doe they hold the same estimation they did
us long I hope."
for Israel.
There was no comfort in having him in London; he might as well be
21:3 And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of gold,
my religion to get mad; but I'd like to eat that villainous

Among his Angels, and his throne itself 
it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her
enemy defray the current expenses of the war (at least before
after certain days obtained I leave of the king: 13:7 And I came to
2:12 And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither
city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.
O farther, farther, farther sail!
She had, however, one very intimate friend, a sensible, deserving woman,
 
    except as it results to their bodies and souls,
9:3 And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men

companions, chanced to spy the weaving pillow, which she had left upon a
How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses ; ; or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ; or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) , but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization ; ; or allowing survival of a dividend carryover to a personal holding company ( section 381(c)(14) ) , but not carryover of excess tax credits for foreign taxes ? ? These items , and most of the others listed above , seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381 . There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities . With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation . To this extent some stretching of the literal meaning of the Committee Report seems justified , since the literal meaning conflicts with the clear implication , if not the language , of the statute . It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes . Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone ; ; it would certainly violate the intention of Congress as expressed in the Committee Report ; ; and in at least one instance , involving refund claims , it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code . Refund claims Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a warrant for its payment has been issued . If it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions , this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation , even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a) . A clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation . The leading case , Seaboard Air Line Railway v. United States , held that the transferee could sue for a refund of taxes paid by the transferor , and it has been consistently followed . The Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties , one of them a stranger to the claim , and to prevent traffic in claims , particularly tenuous claims , against the Government . Neither reason , said the Court , applied to the case at hand ; ; furthermore , Congress could not be presumed to have intended to obstruct mergers approved by the states . Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation . Exceptions are often classified as transfers by `` operation of law '' . A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold . Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors . A recent case in point is Mitchell Canneries v. United States , in which a claim against the Government was transferred first from a corporation to a partnership , whose partners were former stockholders , and then to another corporation formed by the partners . Holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim , the Court cited the Seaboard , Novo Trading , and Roomberg cases for the proposition that `` transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute '' . In an earlier case , Kingan & Co. v. United States , an American corporation was formed for the purpose of acquiring the stock of a British corporation in exchange for its own stock and then liquidating the British corporation . The anti-assignment statute was held not to prevent the American corporation from suing for a refund of taxes paid by the British corporation . The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation . The Court , nevertheless , relied on the Seaboard case and also mentioned that the shareholders of the two corporations were the same . In substance , said the Court , there was no transfer of equitable title . The Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion , but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code . Revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation . Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed . If the succession is a matter of public record , certificates of the Secretaries of State or other public officials having custody of the documents will suffice ; ; if the succession is not of record , all documents relating to such succession , properly certified , are required . The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition . The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash . A recent Ruling , although rather confusing , cites and follows Rev. Rul. 54-17 . The Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization . Hence , a successor corporation in a C reorganization appears entitled to sue for a refund of taxes paid by the merged corporation despite section 203 . In a B reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor . In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step . These results appear sound . As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis . The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed . The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion . Section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization . In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax . In these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote . Furthermore , in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger , to which the statute is clearly inapplicable . Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization . If the transferor has substantial assets other than the claim , it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes . If such an unlikely transaction were to take place , it would more logically be accomplished by a stock purchase , followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary , followed by liquidation . In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock . It appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation . Section 203 of the United States Code has been interpreted as not applying to claims against the Government transferred in tax-free reorganizations . The successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims . Other tax attributes of the transferor There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved . For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation . The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries . Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) . Other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization . Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee . Section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period . However , a similar privilege was not specifically provided in section 168 for a person acquiring emergency facilities . Attributes similar to a loss carryover . There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items . For example , suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted , providing for carryover of excess profits credits . This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover . It is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income ; ; it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax . Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case , but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand , who wrote the majority opinion in the Sansome case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization . Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have . With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein . Actually , there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover . Probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance .
"I am not a madman," reiterated Gregory, with a frightful sincerity
Mrs. Palmer, in her way, was equally angry.
obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work, 3:2 To speak evil of

insolence of Mrs. Ferrars's general behaviour to her sister,
pertain unto the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his
The only three facts that Turnbull could now add to his inventory
bill.  Everybody present soon began to speak at once, and with great

that she hoped no coolness, no slight, would appear
upon her: he confirmeth them, because he held his peace at her in the
Or, if our substance be indeed divine, 
2:21 The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth between

Thy hope ends heere
28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and
As when the Tartar from his Russian foe, 
the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever,
4:16 For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my
hardly devise any set of expressions, or fancy any tone of voice,
laid them on the bed and joining them all together, she said, "Bless you,
for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the
for though he began with grave looks and short questions, he was soon
"Look out and see," said the guide.  "I fancy you have seen this
Or as any law of the earth or any natural production of the earth does.
The captain on the quarter-deck coldly giving his orders through a
'I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: 'he taught
7:8 Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all
Vocalism, measure, concentration, determination, and the divine

'Twas on a Summers Euening in his Tent,
With easy intercourse pass to and fro 
attacked her one evening at the park, to give the name
All patience.  He, who therefore can invent 
4:48 Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and

18:5 And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that
19:37 Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my
5:16 And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as he came, so
into the dark and driving river.
offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely

42:25 Therefore he hath poured upon him the fury of his anger, and the
of all the party, heard her without being in raptures.
you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor
in the imagination of their hearts.
so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:
Take these againe, for to the Noble minde
132:13 For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his

coat for me; and I'll ask mamma to give me some pocket money to give
misery.
3:42 We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned.
out," observed another.
Must not be measur'd by his worth, for then
"Oh! yes--did not you know?--Well, well, never mind."
    off Newfoundland,
obey it in the lusts thereof.
there was no retreat.  Mrs. Tattle and Marianne waited impatiently for
he turned back and walked with us; and so we began talking
beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom.
Besides her hoisted boats, an American whaler is outwardly

I heard it in my boyhood;)--More than a generation since,
With re-appearing day as now so happy and serene,
passed him unseen, but was obliged to touch as well as address him

For on some message high they guessed him bound. 
you with scorpions.
into the mount of God.
Humiliated and grieved by these reflections, Cecilia began to search in
Undulate round the world, serenely arriving, arriving,
brokenhanded, 21:20 Or crookbackt, or a dwarf, or that hath a blemish
for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:
A peculiar walk in this old man, a certain slight but painful
be told for a memorial of her.
Each perturbation smoothed with outward calm, 
Men, Wiues, and Children, stare, cry out, and run,


Mrs. Dashwood felt too much for speech, and instantly
meeteth him.

walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife
34:3 Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up
in advising him to marry.  He proved to me that he could afford it;
peace.
falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living.

Uzzielites: 26:24 And Shebuel the son of Gershom, the son of Moses,
But being in a great hurry to resume scolding the man in the purple
('Tis some mother's large transparent face,
and there is no man that receiveth me to house.
pursuits, every conceivable avocation of man, were prefigured ages
"It is the central urge in every atom,
   Cask. Peace ho, Caesar speakes

But the Norweyan Lord, surueying vantage,
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Will ye not receive
after several hours' pulling were almost disposed to renounce the
Might haue beene mine: onely I haue left to say,
35:5 And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the

hissing around us like the erected crests of enraged serpents.
}  Transpositions
rather boisterously.
of being of real use to him in some suggestions as to the duty and
equal, but far exceed in magnitude the fattest of Pharaoh's fat kine;
9:32 Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible
and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil; and they shall pollute it.
the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their

it would have been another thing.  But I have no reason to suppose it so.
Yet scarce allayed still eyes the current stream, 
parents."
18:22 Let a cry be heard from their houses, when thou shalt bring a
52:27 And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in
You women of the earth subordinated at your tasks!
Emma grieved that she could not be more openly just to one
   Brutus. Then none haue I offended. I haue done no

Shemaiah; 4:38 These mentioned by their names were princes in their
Now at his feet submissive in distress; 
Of three that in mount Ida naked strove, 
in all the business before her.  Lady Russell was extremely sorry
4:21 And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into
in one of the wards.  Struck with this circumstance, it brought to his
the market, he happened to be in company with several English gentlemen's
"You, who have been the best friend I ever had in my life--

and discretion.
put him away.  But Manchon leaped up again, and began smelling near the
In half a minute Charles was at the bottom of Union Street again,
sister's entreaties, and consented to go out with her
22:31 And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the
gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not.
Haue but hit your Thoughts
wait by the carpenters for the bits of wood to make up my faggot)--I say,
for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I
after the whale!  Do thou, too, remain warm among ice.  Do thou, too,
Poor man!--it was at first a considerable shock to him, and he tried
'What's in it?' said the Queen.
end, and that the money was not yet made up for John Simpson, the
42:11 Be not afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom ye are afraid; be
"It is singularly and strangely beautiful!" said the Professor. "I
saith the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a

Her accommodations were limited to a noisy parlour, and a dark bedroom


"My protege, as you call him, is a sensible man;

His eyes want all that spirit, that fire, which at once

      Of all birds, beasts, or fishes, that swim in the sea,
This must not be: and then, I Precepts gaue her,
The gipsies did not wait for the operations of justice; they took
And dungeon of our tyrant:  Now possess, 

and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from
Nor the peaceful farmer any peace, ploughing his field or gathering
everybody lost a great deal of the respect for Buster which they had
from that time?  have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside
purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans:

No sooner he, with them of man and beast 
The noble son on sinewy feet advancing,

Henceforth; lest that too heavenly form, pretended 
     "Mine does seem to be a rather kill or cure sort of watering,"
I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy

But she felt that it was so, long, long before she could
not so durable as hemp, it is stronger, and far more soft and
for me--(may I say it?) was scarcely less warm than hers;
 THE LILY

But it was too late.  In dead silence Flambeau strode across
26:39 And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed,
astonished at his doctrine.

           you

Now I wash the gum from your eyes,
They refuse to awake at the touch of any man but me.
every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and
Evan does not know to this day what particular question he asked,
he called not.
give some sweetness to the memory of her two months' visit there,
eight day clock.  Suspended? and to what?  To three bits of board.
was happy when I was quarrelling with him; and I am always happy with
munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power
it up to Jerusalem.
his face as it had been the face of an angel.
Have you possess'd yourself of the Federal Constitution?
They scorn the best I can do to relate them.
build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of
thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon
Forty-barrel-bull--poor devil! all his comrades quit him.  But strike
is the key to it all.
10:8 The wise in heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool
I see the Turk smoking opium in Aleppo,
She had, as she deemed it, the happiness to have a most extensive
happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;
but she had resolution enough to refrain from making any answer



and trusting that you will some time or other do me greater justice
"Why, why-e-e!" said he, "I believe Buster Bear is afraid too!" Unc'
   Mar. O farwel honest Soldier, who hath relieu'd you?
wrath shalt thou restrain.
About his Funerall. And you shall speake

23:28 She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the
that as many people as possible should be present.  All over this country
by his right, and say to himself, how d'ye do?  Partners!  I must
19:10 Then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go
And banished from man's life his happiest life, 
All night the dreadless Angel, unpursued, 
hands were turned to, and, sullenly worked by the moody seamen, the

collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and
a great deal better, for I have not dined at the other house since Tuesday."
for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be
Men need unity and they need God . Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands . The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another . To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones , with a resultant fragmentation of the human race . Massacres attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can engender . The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind : `` Oh how we hate one another for the love of God '' ! ! The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify . It lies in institutions . Institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion . A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms ; ; to escape this fate , it must rule some things out . For every criterion which defines what something is , at the same time proclaims -- implicitly if not openly -- what that something is not . Some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether ; ; in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification , we ought to dispense with churches . The suggestion is naive . Man is at once a gregarious animal and a form-creating being . Having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile , he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance . To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools . Both eventualities are possible logically , but practically they are impossible . As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him . Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows . Is there any way out of the predicament ? ? The only way that I can see is through communication . Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries . Approached creatively , it is a high art . It is the art of relating the finite to the infinite , of doing our best to insure that the particularistic requirements of religious institutions will not thwart God's intent of unity among men more than is minimally necessary . In a certain sense , interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states . What are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history ? ? I shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological . 1 ) By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure . Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate . Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . Modern psychology has shown that paralleling `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the bigoted personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally . Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us . To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us . Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever . It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies . 2 ) While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable . The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century . Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires . No less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since World War 2 , , and the number is growing by the year . As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands . Colonialism alone would have been able to make these difficulties serious , for Christianity is so closely tied to colonialism in the minds of these people that repudiation of the one has tended automatically toward the repudiation of the other . Actually , however , this turns out to be only part of the picture . Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries . The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and Volksgeist which these young nations very much need . Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's . All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand . Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda . The people hardest hit by this suspicion are , of course , Christians on the mainland of China . But the problem extends elsewhere . For example , in Burma and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion . In 1960 Ceylon nationalized its sectarian -- preponderantly Christian -- schools , to the rejoicing of most of its 7,000,000 Buddhists and the lament of its 800,000 Roman Catholics . Again , India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries , and fanatical Hindu parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone . The progressive closing of Afro-Asian ears to the Christian message is epitomized in a conversation I had three years ago while flying from Jerusalem to Cairo . I was seated next to the director of the Seventh Day Adventists' world radio program . He said that on his tour the preceding year a considerable number of hours would have been available to him on Japanese radio networks , but that he had then lacked the funds to contract for them . After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available . It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes . It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment . Ironically , these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War 2 , , while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs . Although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and non-Christians in Asia , the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves . The partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims ; ; neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews . 3 ) I turn finally to several theological developments . 1 . Theocracy reconsidered . The modern world has been marked by progressive disaffection with claims to divine sanction for the state , whatever its political form . The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' . One of our foremost jurists , David Dudley Field , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history '' . The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment . Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state , but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation . `` What is the point '' , Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ? The current regime of President Mohammad Ayub Khan is determinedly secular . And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Pakistan '' . Comparable trends can be noted elsewhere . The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor . The religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months . During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the secularists are less disposed to compromise . And in this country Gustave Weigel's delineation of the line between the sacral and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state . The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument . Everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible -- in a word , too human -- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine . 2 . Salvation reconsidered . My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them . That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed . I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says , `` We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work , but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it '' . Newbiggin's qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance . The Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests , Father Feeney , for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church . In mentioning this under `` salvation reconsidered '' I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is .
made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of land,

   Cassi. Cicero one?
21:28 But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to
8:30 Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of Israel in mount
Itself instinct with Spirit, but convoyed 
indulgent father; and had, in consequence of her sister's marriage,

6:18 All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It
therefore when a subsequent gentleman re-harpooned her, the lady then
     1
full of sacrifices with strife.
  Bru. But heere comes Antony:
8:11 And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west,
Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless
"Yes, I mean to say," said Turnbull, "and I mean to say something
6:17 And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.
7:2 Then a lord on whose hand the king leaned answered the man of God,
on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the
morning visits, and Mr. Elton's time is so engaged."
And meek surrender, half-embracing leaned 
are very well at Christmas, when one is sitting round the fire;
would answer to her call, with flowers to garnish her dishes, and
solicitous care could do to render her comfortable,
swaying him to the main royal-mast head; and in a few moments they
day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, Up, that



sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her.

under the golden lamplight the unmistakable head that resembled
pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of
a fresh supply of money, all came into his mind at once, and conquered
In Dothan, covered with a camp of fire, 
Thee in thy moral wealth and civilization, (until which thy proudest
Now upon the second lowering, the boat paddled upon the whale; and as

    from any fruition of success, no matter what, shall come forth
and it only harasses me.  You, who have not a mother's feelings,
into the water and chased all the fish out of the little pool, and
 
to enable her to say on reply,
worsted, were getting the heavy tackles in readiness for the whales.
dismay than perhaps aught else.  For, when swimming before his
all that.
10:14 And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean

Oh! do you recommend this side?--Well, I am sure, Mr. Churchill--

     this engagement is fulfilled.  It is with great
him safe--we have him prisoner.  Shall he come in, papa?
shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath humbled
13:13 Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to
With all his Crimes broad blowne, as fresh as May,
3:3 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an
   Ham. My Lord, I haue Newes to tell you.
infinity, and the big sea that goes to the end of the world.  But

8:10 For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the

came men unto me, but I wist not whence they were: 2:5 And it came to



abundance.
Oh, your tubs in your boats, my boys,

themselves, and declared that they would not, for all the riches of

  All. The Will, the Testament

Giue me, quoth I.
change of garments: 14:13 But if ye cannot declare it me, then shall
added--

10:33 But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny


Each to his place; they heard his voice, and went 
and enjoying the youthful simplicity which could speak with so much
which he did in Jerusalem.
keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the

movements. But, beastly as they are, they generally have the one
My answere must be made. But I am arm'd,
devoured her fruit, so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to

upon his guilty pocket.

The melting Spirits of women. Then Countrymen,
    and nomads,
1:4 Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of
5:35 He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a
master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed
easy--why don't ye take it easy, I say, and burst all your livers and
that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive
Henceforth be Earles, the first that euer Scotland
Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, which was
one; and returning to her berth with her hold full of the precious
8:22 For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in
1:9 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah,

have reason to reproach her for giving no warning.
28:22 And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of

towards that end of the building where stood smoking, in huge
22:14 And the princes of Moab rose up, and they went unto Balak, and

confined to its own unavoidable, straight wake, yet the arbitrary
6:25 How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?
that is enough for the story.

32:11 Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless

him in the pantry, by his sudden fits of the palsy.  Nor did the
easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.
This circumstance was a growing attachment between

Knowing their feelings as she did, it was a most attractive picture
 Sweet dreams of pleasant streams

is another thing.  I am not fond of the idea of my shrubberies being
4:21 Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the
mountain of the house as the high places of a forest.
10:19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye
   Cassi. You loue me not
20:38 Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they

to foot, "entrapped me into--"
the king of Arpad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, of Hena,

 
of accidents, however, I must bind you over to keep the peace."
of a man remembering somebody's name.  He knew now what it was
man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets
it was, Flask, alas! was a butterless man!
Play the old role, the role that is great or small according as one
While I, to blind the world to our engagement, was behaving one
was written was upright, even words of truth.
when, as a general thing, he enjoys such high health; taking
While they keep watch, or nightly rounding walk, 
and Jane Fairfax, though no great favourite with her in general,

a man he became so strong and wise that it was he who at last saved his
this silver box lying on the bed.  I took it up, and asked if it was not
And I do doubt the hatch, and the disclose
saith the LORD, They shall eat, and shall leave thereof.
little father Jackal and a little mother Jackal.
comes from the eastward, the very course Ahab is to run for Moby
Morose, full of guile, full of reminiscences, brooding, with many wiles,
here, and at once, perfected.  You cannot but plainly see that I have
sitting in the gate.'"
"Why, you great fool!" cried MacIan, rising to the top of his

"At sunrise he summoned all hands; and separating those who had
}  Faces
He was very warmly thanked both by mother and daughter; to escape
66:18 If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:


51:17 Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the
Sidelong had pushed a mountain from his seat, 
appear at any moment, "I am afraid we have hardly time for
"The ladies were all at home."  She had never rejoiced at the sound
thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my


8:2 And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord,

21:15 For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from
of dining at the park the next day.
and Hananiah, with trumpets; 12:42 And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and

should be of whom he spake.
being facetious than Moses, when he wrote the history of the plagues


narrated, never reached the ears of Captain Ahab or his mates.  For
caused Kidd to guess, correctly, that he was a brother journalist.
want rum; give us a glass of rum.  Um, um, um!"
Jacobins were idealists; there was about this man a murderous

might be.
except that he wore a pair of dark, almost opaque spectacles. It
no names now; but such, he could assure her, had been the fact.
12:10 Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the
37:34 By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall
trumpets.

19:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 19:2 This
11:15 What hath my beloved to do in mine house, seeing she hath
"take it, and give me the Flora."  Her hand trembled, though she snatched
21:2 For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at
CHAPTER 105
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she
Nor what he spake, though it lack'd Forme a little,

or that is in the water under the earth.
10:22 Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion


own, that will point as true as any."

Nor will my poems do good only, they will do just as much evil,

4:1 Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged
are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through
    counterpart of on the same terms.
And yet they expose me more than all my other poems.



certain things to help him at just such times, and one of them is the
Miss Burs.  In style, to be sure; for all the world's to be here--the
'You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely. 'What are you
They know how to swim, row, ride, wrestle, shoot, run, strike,
 
Who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in
receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.
"If the impertinent remarks of Mrs. Jennings are
Nor had they yet among the sons of Eve 
   Bar. I haue seene nothing
76:1 In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.
21:17 And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us
36:17 And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke
he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne; 2:31 He seeing this
Louisa and Mrs. T.  Indeed!
38:3 And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er.
no friends, ignorant of his address!  He had left her,
lived three-and-twenty years in the world, and have seen none like it.



started when she heard Susan's voice, and with a proud, ill-humoured look
was authorised to walk as long as she could without fatigue,
feet, his skull and jaw comprised some twenty feet, leaving some
that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD which
"Are you going back to town?"
19:7 And Jonathan called David, and Jonathan shewed him all those
Anne had been ashamed to appear to comprehend so soon as she really
O how the immortal phantoms crowd around me!

     familiarity which our intimacy at Barton appeared
soon know all."
Celestial voices to the midnight air, 

11:7 Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea
8:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 8:2 Speak unto Aaron and
  King. This Castle hath a pleasant seat,


it only till you can claim it.  When you leave Barton
you know, the West Indies."

12:9 What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come
If one characteristic distinguishes Boris Godunov , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music . Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections . In this he followed a path that led back to the very source of opera ; ; such composers as Monteverdi , Lully and Purcell , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . Through long experimentation in his songs , Mussorgsky developed a Russian recitative as different from others as the language itself . Giving most of his musical continuity to the orchestra , he lets the speech fall into place as if by coincidence , but controlling the pace and emphasis of the words . The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants . Otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- Boris' first monologue , for example . Even then , the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance . Aside from Boris himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place Mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture . Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . Consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action : Pimen , Varlaam , Missail and the Jesuit Rangoni . Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other ; ; each musical setting has an individual touch . Pimen is an old man , weak in body -- his voice rarely rises to a full forte -- but firm and clear of mind . His calmness offers contrast to Grigori's youthful excitement . A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life : This theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery . It changes and develops according to the text ; ; it introduces Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act . Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect : An imaginative storyteller , Pimen takes on the character he describes , as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure . Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it . As the child addresses the shepherd in a dream , light -- in the form of the major mode -- begins to appear , and at the moment of the miracle we hear a clear and shining D major . Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen . Their begging song might easily be a folk melody : The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene . Apparently their origin is humble , their approach to life direct and unsophisticated . Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak . Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . A rough ostinato figure , heard first in the introduction to the inn scene , characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action : The Song Of Kazan , in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment , fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits . The phrasing is irregular , and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness . ( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's . ) Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises . Both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song ; ; a clever naturalistic touch is Varlaam's labored reading of the warrant . As the knack gradually comes back to him , his rhythm becomes steadier , with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader . For the only time in the opera , words are not set according to their natural inflection ; ; to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene . Musically and dramatically , Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam . His music shows a sensuality coupled with an eerie quality that suggest somehow a blood-kinship with Dappertutto in Offenbach's Hoffman . His speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters ; ; in spite of the Italian name , he sounds French . His personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina , who is -- perhaps purposely -- rather superficially characterized . Rangoni's first entrance is a musical shock , a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it . The effect is as if he had materialized out of nowhere . He speaks quietly , concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility , just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them . He addresses Marina with great deference , calling her `` Princess '' at first ; ; it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name , placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father . Curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between Amonasro and Aida . Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and their tactics are much the same . Rangoni begins by describing the sad state of the Church ; ; this brings a reaction of distress from Marina . The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics . As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- then realizes , with a shock , her own audacity . This is no assignment for a frivolous girl , she assures him . Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power . It is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture , with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness . Another theme , sinuously chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means , even at the cost of her honor . Coming from a priest , the music sounds as odd as the advice : Marina rebels at this suggestion . Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue ; ; she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen . Indignantly she denounces Rangoni for his evil thoughts and orders him to leave her . At once the Jesuit pulls out all the stops . To music of a menacing darkness , he describes the powers of Satan gaining control of the girl , poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty . The combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her , and she falls terrified at his feet . With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction . Whatever the source of Rangoni's power , Marina is his captive now ; ; we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene , when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love duet , again throwing a chill over the atmosphere . The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus . This is the real protagonist of the drama ; ; the conflict is not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people . Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action . Boris' first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene , with its dazzling confusion of tonalities . We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official Boris '' , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression . It rarely speaks as a unit . Even in its most conventional appearance , the guests' song of praise to Marina , there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness . In many passages -- for example , the council of boyars -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion . Hot arguments arise between tenors and basses , who will sing in harmony only when they agree on an idea . The opening scene shows this method at its most individual . Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes . They are held in control by force , but barely . They will kneel and plead for Boris' leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their cudgels move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves . There is a quick change from the plaintive song to a conversational tone . `` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ? And Mityukh , apparently the intellectual leader of the crowd , replies that he has no notion . The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return ; ; then the people strike up their song with even more fervor than before , ending it with a wail of despair . Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force . In Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks , heard from offstage , not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young Grigori's thoughts and his situation . This is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and Grigori's vehement outburst against Boris . Again , as Boris feels himself nearing death , a procession files into the hall singing a hymn , its modal harmonies adding a churchly touch to the grim atmosphere : The words are hardly calculated to put the Tsar's mind at ease . They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' . The living as well as the dead now accuse him ; ; this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one . One of the outstanding assets of the present production is the restoration of the St. Basil's scene , usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score . Though brief , it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy . In addition , it is an important link in the plot , giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward Boris and the false Dimitri . The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel . The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny . In the orchestra we hear first a hushed , hesitant pizzicato figure , then the insistent `` police '' motif as it appeared in the opening scene . The service is over , and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead . They bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated ; ; this is met with scorn by the hearers , who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk . ( Mussorgsky cleverly contrasts the two groups by their orchestral accompaniment , solemn chords or mocking staccatos . ) There is still more news , Mityukh announces : they have prayed for the soul of the Tsarevich .
But he was neither fitted by abilities nor disposition
however, my comrade's money.  The grinning landlord, as well as the
became one of the New Anarchists I tried all kinds of respectable
But the ear of the whale is full as curious as the eye.  If you are
think any more carriages will come by to-day.  Let us count the
6:19 Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even
32:27 And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour: and he made

interrupted us..."

I had persisted happy; had not thy pride 
plumb down into the forecastle, aloft there to the royal mast-head.
And gladly of our union hear thee speak, 
Withall Respect, and Rites of Buriall.
Where sceptred Angels held their residence, 
the probable cause.  He had been absent only two Sundays,
And crooke the pregnant Hindges of the knee,
the flesh hath ceased from sin; 4:2 That he no longer should live the
In thought, a fine human brow is like the East when troubled with
stars, and for an instant he could only point without speaking.


I perceive that the ghastly glimmer is noonday sunbeams reflected,
I've the sort of mouth for that--the hogshead mouth.  So, so,
46:4 And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD

which didst not go out with our armies?
whom the LORD sware that he would not shew them the land, which the
"An hour," said Ahab, standing rooted in his boat's stern; and he
fashioneth it with hammers, and worketh it with the strength of his

ye be found even to fight against God.
Cheapside?  Turnbull, as he stared drearily, murmured to himself
     Nevertheless, just in front of the extreme end of the iron seat
"But have they been up to old Eden yet?"
Forth issuing at the accustomed hour, stood armed 
told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said
and do justice to Captain Wentworth.  This however was what
Ere entering upon the subject of Fossil Whales, I present my
"Give it me quietly, and I'll let you off."

The sun was low in the west one winter day,
them?  or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them,
fever; and at last, after some days' suffering, laid him in his
saw the Moon, he called out, "Open the door, old Moon! I want to roll
2:10 On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben
caldron.

minutes I was at Randalls, and in how bewildered, how mad a state:
silver.


house that ever was tasted, so I have brought a glass of it
name of the city was called Hormah.
they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of
"He says, Monsieur, that his principles won't admit of his drinking;
wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto
whole world boomed before the wind.  Muffled in the full morning
Did I pass that way huge times ago and negligently drop them?
Whisper'd me through the night, and very plainly before daybreak,
them.
seasons for that.
give to the house of Israel according to their tribes.
Have finished, happy in our mutual help 
other directions, so that for the present dark Ahab slipped my mind.
said unto Jephthah, The LORD be witness between us, if we do not so
you know, Dr Shirley must have a curate, and you had secured his promise.
nation, or against a man only: 34:30 That the hypocrite reign not,
25:5 And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook



builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his
full justice--only we do not have them baked more than twice,
At he-festivals, with blackguard gibes, ironical license,
mythologies, Great Jove himself being made incarnate in a snow-white
As to giue words or talke with the Lord Hamlet:

charming little dear; to kiss her, to inquire her name, and to inform her
Whereto the Climber vpward turnes his Face:
that is without power? how savest thou the arm that hath no strength?
busy as she was about Charles, she could not shake him off.
and a hammer hovered backwardly uplifted in the open air, in the act
final capture; and the harpoons and line because when the fish made
    were of woe,
among the nations: 1:9 But if ye turn unto me, and keep my
Sleeke-headed men, and such as sleepe a-nights:
like you don't--don't generally think so.  They never go into such places

48:13 And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall
19:2 Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he
But the judge still looked at him with bright and steady eyes of interest;
10:13 The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not
door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of
Selah.
Mark, how when sailors in a dead calm bathe in the open sea--mark
bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find
"You must excuse my manner," said the Professor dismally, "my
family which seemed so well united.  They took Susan along with them
12:4 In that day, saith the LORD, I will smite every horse with
}  Once I Pass'd Through a Populous City
and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to
could not but sigh over it, and wish for impossible things,

      May its approval beam in that soft eye!
to deplore the pride, the folly, the madness of resentment,
invisible domineerings of the captain's table, was the entire
thought she was indebted to Felix.  Besides, she had rated Felix's

from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.

wood, and disappeared among the twinkling trees.
     "See here, old man Usher," shouted the being in the red handkerchief,
were well balanced; the prosecutor for the Crown was Sir Walter Cowdray,
Made err, was now exhaled; and grosser sleep, 
painfully.
brother's scotcher, turning to Anne, "and now tell me who you are, and

7:10 And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent
they are just fresh out of the water, unless you go and tell them."
13:4 And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the
ye shall lodge this night.
by Bethrehob. And they built a city, and dwelt therein.
under the bullet buried in it.  Flambeau's shoulders again filled out
name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my
In arms not worse, in foresight much advanced, 
the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and,
with respect to her birth.  All his caution was spent in being secured
Brandon most sensibly.  There are not many men who would
headland, eventually to be visited: so does the fisherman, at his
silently at his companion.  MacIan's long, lean mouth had shut
he had come in Lucifer's ship.  On his giving this answer the
"Tired of what?"
might be amusement.  "And still," he said, "I do not quite understand."
She first his weak indulgence will accuse. 
the whale.  I claim him for one of our clan.

his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD.
and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and
up the people.

a long evening shadow, he still stood in warm sunlight.  And because

water, and is faint.
Squall.  Nor, in some historic instances, has the art of human malice
of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan,
to move their things, and sending them presents of fish
musick.
the other cherub.
It seemed to come from lower down than might have been expected,
unmolested, there is an undeviating rhyme between the periods of his


Ratcliffe. In a voice exaggeratively loud and cheerful, he broke
Noontide repast, or afternoon's repose. 
love of those I despise!  When I'm once out of this scrape, I'll have no
incommunicable riddle, thy unparticipated grief.  Here again with
within her reach.  A struggle ensued, in which the handle and lid were

     "It looked to me," replied the witness, "like a tall man."
4:14 I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom, nor



of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
take, and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose: 12:27 And
days.


a riddle; you shall know what the stars are, and not know what I
Others sternly push their way through the northern winter-packs,


   Ant. So is my Horse Octauius, and for that

stranger foes than whales.  His lance! aye, the keenest and the surest
Authoriz'd by her Grandam: shame it selfe,
24:12 She hath wearied herself with lies, and her great scum went not

In thoroughfares nigh the docks, any considerable seaport will
Mr Shepherd was completely empowered to act; and no sooner had
that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring
"Sir," said the boy, "if you'll come up here, I'll show you all I know,

gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the pain as of a
     "Your river mist," he said, "has a rum smell."
to conceal any confusion of face; no reason to wish the money unspent,
for she was, at that time, in such affliction as rendered
rope was traced half-way along the pole's length, and firmly secured
not necessary for me to tell you what is my policy, for it is your
Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all
the cork, and I'm the professor of musical glasses--tap, tap!"

those that never take on about princely fortunes, and am quite
Antilles where the beaches are only beat with water-lilies, will ye
must be coarse and unpolished, and very unfit to be the intimates
place?  28:26 For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth
conquered his prejudices, so far as to tempt him to ask a favour from a
partial acquaintance with him; and she was eager to gain
thereof with you.

to all the priests, saying, 29:26 The LORD hath made thee priest in
     Taking a latchkey from the girl and the coin from Hawker,




service of the tabernacle.
Trueman was here he wouldn't believe his own eyes; but for my part I saw
my dear Emma, that you will not smile when you hear it."
fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.
there was a look in her mouth and around her eyes which suggested that
pretty accurately foretell both the direction in which he will
following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of

who kept it by sight.--Oh! no--a very bad plan.  They would catch
any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou
own conjectures.
Queequeg made, staving about with little else but his hat and boots
London, choose to differ as to the ideal itself, not only from
Forthwith from out the ark a raven flies, 
dreams would have been on the crunching teeth of sharks.  But once,
be thought the best natured boy in the school--and so he was.  He usually
though they would well grace the hand of man, remain wholly
is queer, but it is queerer still that I also have had my odd
our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought
you found that a great mass of them had been made by monks.  But
became deserving of the bracelet, and to whom the bracelet was given--
5:13 And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went
unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!  1:3 Why dost thou shew
is the God over Israel: and let the house of thy servant David be
3:50 Till the LORD look down, and behold from heaven.
and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the
11:15 And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in
"I do not believe," said Mrs. Dashwood, with a
mischief continually; he soweth discord.
Elisha: and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of

In each letter he had spoken well of his captain; but yet,
hurt it, I will keep it night and day.
thou, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is
the candles were suddenly extinguished; the trap-door shut down; and they

often deficient; not often deficient either in manner or comprehension.


daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the
That does afflict our Natures. I am sorrie,
thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty,
is in the house be not made unclean: and afterward the priest shall go
30:26 And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation
Farewell, remorse! all good to me is lost; 

With feathered cincture; naked else, and wild 

Then who created thee lamenting learn, 

"That is, I mean to say--your friends are all truly
   Ham. I meane, my Head vpon your Lap?
animal in us which regards the whole universe as its enemy;
the land that is very far off.
I stop somewhere waiting for you.
mistress' clogs cleaned?  Go along and blacken 'em, this minute, and send
only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort
neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin; but the fitches

and, making a gesture suggesting that he would have taken off his
    into one;
in an agony of impatience which affected every feature.

after MacIan along the woodland path.  The shape of their old
"Ay, that's as plain as a pike-staff," said Barbara; "but what else did
been a pitiable object; for she had caught cold on the journey,
the mountain road, and a voice could be clearly heard calling out orders.
lied, and hast not remembered me, nor laid it to thy heart? have not I
thought is in my mind."
Fresh and strong the world we seize, world of labor and the march,
found in his journey to be firmer, and went across it with a
The boys were strictly forbidden to go into the lane; and it was upon
and indulges them to such a degree, and gives them so much trash
vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though ungarnished
darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them

   Son. Who must hang them?

bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?  8:34
'Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'
meet Elijah.

word, 4:19 And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of
Why reclining, interrogating? why myself and all drowsing?
God?  Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor
firmness, only tempered by that common decency of human recognition

At gaming, swearing, or about some acte
"Then why doesn't he denounce you?"
went with Barak to Kedesh.
Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud
    swift-swimming in space;
his was a powerful and prosaic mind.  But even upon him there came


touch of pleasantness, "Dinner, Mr. Stubb," and descends the scuttle.
Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has . He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs . Faulkner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South . If he is a traditionalist , he is an eclectic traditionalist . If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force . If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen , he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean , and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within . If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 . Faulkner is a most untraditional traditionalist . Others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase `` traditional moralist '' either inadequate or misleading . Among them are Frederick J. Hoffman , William Van O'Connor , and Mrs. Olga Vickery . They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , I believe , in pointing out Faulkner's independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition . Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies that it is . He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago . That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions , of course , that he is steeped in them , in fact , or that he has dealt with them , in his books . It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique . He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern . The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits . There is no necessity , I suppose , to assert that Mr. Faulkner is Southern . It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family . And , after all , he has lived comfortably at both Oxford , Mississippi , and Charlottesville , Virginia . The young William Faulkner in New Orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist Hamilton Basso as obviously conscious of being a Southerner , and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so . Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years . It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation . His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South . To believe otherwise would be unrealistic . But in looking at Faulkner against his background in Mississippi and the South , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers . Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic romancers , who deal in extravagant horror , to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century , and in particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists , Henry James and James Joyce among them . His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him . My intention , therefore , is not to say that Faulkner's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South , but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern . The ingredients of Faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him . A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published Swallow-Barn in 1832 and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature . The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed . Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South , even while memories of the war were still sharp . The tradition reached its apex , perhaps , in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century , and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel So Red The Rose , by Stark Young . Although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition , he did not have Stark Young's inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society . The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality , as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago , and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed . Faulkner has found it useful , but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook . Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War . It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society . Faulkner's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life . They have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to 1728 , when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina . The chief literary antecedents of the Snopes clan appeared in the realistic , humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War . These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers , as a rule , and later found their way between book covers , though rarely into the planters' libraries beside the morocco-bound volumes of Horace , Mr. Addison , Mr. Pope , and Sir Walter Scott . There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South . William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him . Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully . Augustus Baldwin Longstreet , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him . Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear Of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature . It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner's time . Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent . Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; ; nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters . One of the early humorists already mentioned , Thomas Bangs Thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials . Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . But Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence , the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements , and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions . As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ; and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear Of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature .
and the prudent, and the ancient, 3:3 The captain of fifty, and the
    God-sent,
she must thankfully say that their petticoats were all very strong.'"
better than she does me."
male without blemish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at
flattering mouth worketh ruin.
How she could have been so deceived!--He protested that he

"Pray," said Mrs Smith, "is Mr Elliot aware of your acquaintance with me?

Hail, Son of God, Saviour of Men!  Thy name 

bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either question,
they are better known to me than my own,--and I am sure
peculiarly desirable as a tenant.  He was a married man,
receiveth him that sent me.
spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto

The delicate spear of the onion pierces upward,

my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.
It did seem, last autumn, as if there were an attachment between him
She promised him again and again to come--much oftener than
Gilgal, to go to meet the king, to conduct the king over Jordan.
cut down the grove that is by it: 6:26 And build an altar unto the
convince me either that I should give up against my honour before
"Waiting! then we must go," said Frederick.
How much from thee! the revelation of the singing voice from thee!
O to go back to the place where I was born,

And equal over equals to let reign, 
pleasure of going to the play to-night."
mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his
it increases the wonder."


"It is Frank and Miss Fairfax," said Mrs. Weston.  "I was just
which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and
for they feared the people.
"How funny it is to think that you have tumbled over a garden
own: who is lord over us?
she could not reflect on the mean-spirited folly from
pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the
5:3 And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go,
In Heaven, this our delight. How wearisome 
house, choice and mighty men of valour, chief of the princes. And the
helped in some degree by the arresting oddity of his appearance,

Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also
he were ill.  He wavered as he came down the slope and seemed
13:9 Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee,

others took it very composedly; but there was a very general distress
that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.
He ceased, discerning Adam with such joy 
7:11 For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by

"Comrades!" he cried, in a voice that made every man jump out of

say yes!
Now risen, to work them further woe or shame; 

daughter in law against her mother in law.
69:26 For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to
agitated air, which shewed impatience to be gone.  Anne knew not how
mate, gloomily.
they opened with a thrust and parry, orthodox and even frankly
"You certainly will meet them if I can prevail; and I shall call
dear self is concerned!  How sure to be mistaken!  But I beg your pardon;
from her.  I never saw any thing so outree!--Those curls!--This must

33:4 The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty
Little Henry was in her thoughts, and a mixture of alarm and delicacy
"God knows," said the other.  "It might be God."
been more attractive to her.  She longed for the serenity they might
was before the throne.
a kind of serpent, that's all I can say.'
10:2 And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels
"No," said Marianne, in a low voice, "nor how many
question. You've got that eternal idiotic idea that if anarchy


9:20 Yet hear the word of the LORD, O ye women, and let your ear
plain on this side Jordan eastward, even unto the sea of the plain,
13:13 And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the


"'Why, madam,' said she, 'Leonora has made me promise to give my shell to
thought," added he, pointing to the others, "I had better be doing

2:52 And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half
Mr Elliot was too generally agreeable.  Various as were the tempers
beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the
for you, Wheeler.  Why, unless he bought a vote, he'd never win one, if
To me; for, when they list, into the womb 
your guinea-hen.  I would not be her for all the guinea-hens, or guineas
My single soul--aims, confirmations, failures, joys--Nor single soul alone,
came again, and he revived: wherefore he called the name thereof

judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats.
 And not feel my sorrow's share?

9:31 But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath
prayer become sin.
gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance.
    companions.
heat, and yet they were obliged to go on with their work, for they were
was interrupted by a smaller road at right angles; which, when he turned it,

he sought it carefully with tears.
through Jesus Christ our Saviour; 3:7 That being justified by his
   Ham. Why look you there: looke how it steals away:

4:6 And it came to pass, when the vessels were full, that she said
at home for a whole week longer?"
 Grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow,
How Caesar hath deseru'd to lye in death,
feeding, the spermaceti whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones


judgment seat, 18:13 Saying, This fellow persuadeth men to worship God
}  Outlines for a Tomb [G. P., Buried 1870]
kingly commons; bear me out in it, O God!
But why must she consent to be with the Eltons?--Here is quite a
'Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after it; and the
'Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to

Listen, lose not, it is toward thee they tend,
20:6 And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold,
"Oh! Miss Woodhouse, what a pity that I must not write this beautiful
and touched the top of the sceptre.
Enter Macbeth.
30:9 Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice,

6:9 And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the
"Your Majesty knows," said the Mouse-deer, "that I am Chief Dancer of
pavement, and Evan sprang over the barrier into the shop,

Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto
11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of
visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware
let her drink wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all
Elephanta as here.
The high injunction, not to taste that fruit, 
waited for of the sword.
known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt.
As one in suffering all, that suffers nothing.
the centre of our garden.
7:11 Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in
half, Moses took one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and
be proclaimed upon the housetops.
found so well worth seeing, and she and Mr. Weston had agreed
for writing;' and when I immediately said, `But indeed we have,
Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him.

perhaps--but I am almost convinced that he never was


    and carry you with me the same as any.
'Yes, please do!' pleaded Alice.
in a fury of curiosity.  Then he threw up his long arms and
Nantucket commanders; that from the simple observation of a whale
gold, or pearls, or costly array; 2:10 But (which becometh women
with it; which, with the consciousness of what she
    cow-yard,
Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against
I will know if I am to be less than they,

it is idle talking of what's done--that's past; but I'll try my luck in

"Yes," said Susan, "and the next time he comes, I can give him one of my

last night yourself, you would think he deserved to be rewarded."
The cactus guarded with thorns, the laurel-tree with large white flowers,
Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both nigh

When million-footed Manhattan unpent descends to her pavements,
neighbour Grant, you would put down that book.  You are always poring
to make him wish to know it better.  The scenes in its neighbourhood,
and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?  7:5 Thou hypocrite, first


midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more: 7:9
Yonder, by ever-brimming goblet's rim, the warm waves blush like
Turnbull.  "I can see it from here.  I can see the whitewashed
enchantment, Gardiner silently hurried to the side; more fell than
"Why, not so well as my grandmother, perhaps, but, Anne, I can tell you
gangway.  "Quick, I say, you Bildad, and get the ship's papers.  We
returned to Ekron the same day.

mortals, some dying men are the most tyrannical; and certainly, since
   Ant. For Brutus sake, I am beholding to you
"See you this?" and withdrawing it from the folds that had hidden
and I was jealous for her with great fury.
Health to emerge and joy, joy universal.
merchants were spectators of this scene, and heard his father's words:
leading at right angles from the broad, though irregular, main street

the house into the garden behind.  On each side of the
These ocean waves arousable to fury and to death,
39:5 And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer
of the pit, he, and the men that were with him.
Through the wild Desart, not the readiest way; 
Storming, enjoying, planning, loving, cautioning,

to us for an instant as a last aid in our last agony.

The spring I always think requires more than common care.

knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.
respectable.
31:31 And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded
rapidly nearing him once more; though indeed the whale's last start
Jesus.
17:17 And Jesus answering said, Were there not ten cleansed? but where
One's-self must never give way--that is the final substance--that
   Deci. Where is Metellus Cimber, let him go,
see mine and live."
His sentence was drowned in a deafening cataract of applause. The
parables?  21:1 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 21:2
but I must, I will,--I will tell you truths while I can;
2:17 Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under
4:11 If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man
neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his
miserable comforters are ye all.
and it is the solemn truth that he has never dreamed of being so.
in the least the pathetic Jacobite of whom we read, left behind
Creepes in this petty pace from day to day,
a little reverie, "to be coming and finding us here.  I had not


and understanding--really for the time convinced that Harriet was
4:29 As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their
    no right to a sight?
As easily as a King
fish to-day and yet, because that revengeful booby told how I took him in
a point.  Could annihilation occur to matter, this were the thing to
creatures.  Though banding together in tens of thousands, the

the whale is fairly captured and a corpse.
sending those gigantic moles into the daylight above.  So deep did
within him; 26:25 When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there
"That can be no reason for your being exposed to danger now.
Might stop a hole to keepe the winde away.

If vermin so transposed, so used and bless'd may be,
The river-dragon tamed at length submits 
     35
as for Lavater to have scrutinized the wrinkles on the Rock of
became excessively pleased with Mr Elliot, and entertained

they had formed of Kellynch Hall, and extreme solicitude for


And now a stripling Cherub he appears, 
sagaciously refrained from verbally expressing them, however his
"Wait for his having a living!--ay, we all know how
fire.
This place inviolable, and these from harm. 



enjoyment keep them.  They are not at all the less written you know,
equally disabled from personal exertion by her state of
They are all Fire, and euery one doth shine:
    are the greatest women,
he had really made it easier for Buster to catch all the fish he wanted,
fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and
of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem.
on the other side, on the sides of the porch, and upon the side
shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver
her forth, buried her by her husband.
37:34 And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins,

have been bestowed upon her generosity.
     I love my mother's hair.
be done unto them.
'Each with a lobster as a partner!' cried the Gryphon.
been used to a very musical society, both at Maple Grove and in Bath,

and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and
fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.

in the dews of the darkening twilight in the woods beyond the castle,

42:7 And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of the LORD
"Off with you to market.  You are a droll chap," said his father, "and
He said,--
Gregory could not speak, but he could not fire either, and he


honey, which is the glory of all lands: 20:7 Then said I unto them,

Exeunt.
leg, Ahab soon calculated what his latitude must be at that precise
This most afflicts me, that, departing hence, 
"Old Thunder!" said Ahab, groping his way along the bulwarks to his
'Come out of that, ye cut-throats!'
brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and
jaws of the whale, as you may say; even so, in a shower, with the
                                              PAUL ET VIRGINIE.

7:27 And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one
abundance of her glory.

'Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round the court
Drew audience and attention still as night 
concern!--Well, I am convinced that there is a vast deal
not unpretty; but neither feature, nor air, nor voice, nor manner,
his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to
14:3 And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give


gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no
integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.

but in London, where the reputation of elegance was more


unrighteousness in him.
be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which
One morning, Francisco was sent to finish a sketch of the front of an
23:9 And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your
10:30 And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a

with him, after knowing, as sooner or later I must
bring up the cowslip-wine in a minute."


2:10 Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai
so well by sight; seen him a hundred times; came to consult me once,

answer for myself, shall be most happy--It seems the only improvement
is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with
to rain, Emma was obliged to expect that the weather would be
15:12 Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say
"I know what you mean, Turnbull," he said, "but...I always
'Not hither summoned, since they cannot change 
the three boats now stilly floated, awaiting Moby Dick's
wrinkled, like the pilgrim-worshipped flag-stone in Canterbury
The Master evidently meant to say more, but before he could say
children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel
18:25 Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him
been sent to Randalls to take Mr. Frank Churchill to Richmond.

it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.

23:46 For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will bring up a company upon
19:10 And Absalom, whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now
one log of oil.
Come outside!  Come outside and ascend into heaven!"

would come nearer amputating a leg than a tall.  But poor Queequeg, I
thou?

somehow or other he will soon find an opportunity.
ever.
tell the king of all these words.

"Indeed, Mrs Smith, we must not expect to get real information
in Midian.
for though Talbot and I had him the same day, 'twas Talbot did for him,
and came unto the house of God, and wept, and sat there before the
the place where I had hid it: and, behold, the girdle was marred, it
must confess, that to him nothing could make amends for the want

"Oh! do come in.  They will be so very happy to see you."
and Captain Harville to Captain Wentworth; and she immediately heard
any questions of detail; he only knew the happy and silly fact that
 On his head a crown,
When this world's dissolution shall be ripe, 

11:24 For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith:
into the lake of fire.

of the head of the tumultuous ones.
With odours. There ye shall be fed and filled 
    positive and composed, knows no discouragement,
The beef was fine--tough, but with body in it.  They said it was
7:39 The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but
"he is writing about it now."  And with a quivering lip he wound up
hearty, well-looking man, a little weather-beaten, to be sure,
up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight
"Oars!  Oars!" he intensely whispered, seizing the helm--"gripe your

     He blinked at the litter around him, and recovered his own
for the obedience of faith: 16:27 To God only wise, be glory through
Ahab, though everywhere else foiled in his pursuit, firmly counted
likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus: 15:6 That ye
was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers
15:29 And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of
thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.
one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and

The mechanics of the city, the masters, well-form'd,
of Babylon, and the rest of the multitude.
the remembrance of them from the earth.
51:16 When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in
street being very narrow, the house opposite commanded a plain view

Sing to my soul, renew its languishing faith and hope,

Enter two Clownes.
understand you.  What you mean is this: that you learnt about all
    each other if it must be so;)
15:30 So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they
"Don't pretend to deny it, because you know it is
and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the
For though I fled him angry, yet recalled 
stole over his freckled face. "I guess some one else was hungry too," he
sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy
them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with
    sisters, associations, employment, politics, so that the rest
through London with a strange dexterity.  He did not do what would
the Holy Ghost.
soon evinced his complete ignorance of the White Whale; immediately
    beholds me shall like me,
4:32 And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and
"Oh!" she cried with more thorough gaiety, "if you fancy your
5:14 Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a
which of all us? And he said, To thee, O captain.

their portion of my offerings made by fire; it is most holy, as is the
16:17 And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and
years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel:
lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation.
for, talking of his brother, and lamenting the extreme
God commanded thee to walk in. So shalt thou put the evil away from
1:16 And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.
but a plenitude.  Then that bell rang, and I thought for one long,
The only sign of our obedience left, 
happiness--and added some gentle counsel as to the behaviour
and unpolished way of living, and their own defective education,

answer I shall return to him that sent me.
I see the Amazon and the Paraguay,
Laura, gently.  "Oh, no, indeed!" cried Rosamond, warmly, rising in her
he's queer, says Stubb; he's queer--queer, queer; and keeps dinning
forget God.

16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not
From me to thee glad serenades,


No man prefers to sleep two in a bed.  In fact, you would a good deal
bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
that work day and night.
"So had I," said the Professor grimly; "so had Gogol evidently."
Marianne's pianoforte was unpacked and properly disposed of;
the wilderness.
the happiest women in the world.  Elinor could not hear
and shadows without; those two seemed one; it was only the sex, as it
The one-year wife is recovering and happy having a week ago borne
snatches into the fire, and still hastier withdrawals of his fingers
might decide together on the best size for Harriet.  Her many
your feelings are less reconciled to the change than mine.
Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah.
of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my
Exeunt.

27:20 Dedan was thy merchant in precious clothes for chariots.
favourable would turn up--but nobody believed me.  He and Mrs. Weston
Supreme; that thou in me, thy Son beloved, 
that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.
3:5 And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being
  1. O most bloody sight!
"Oh, I know very well what to do with it; but, as I told you, that's a

3:6 From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt

and shake his fist at St. Paul's in the passion of his holy war
Worse; of worse deeds worse sufferings must ensue. 
Even MacIan, therefore (whose tact was far from being his strong
drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink
His face was somewhat square, his jaw was square, his shoulders
of the one was Baanah, and the name of the other Rechab, the sons of
place.  With anxious grapnels I had sounded my pocket, and only
     An' whin he came in sight
4:4 Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for
as the event declared; for I went, I saw her, and saw
and the altar, that neither they, nor ye also, die.
Whatever it is, it avails not--distance avails not, and place avails not,
admiration because of advantage.
Hope had already entered; and feeling all its anxious flutter,
But confidence then bore thee on; secure 
and to prevent herself from appearing to suffer more than
both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD:
as strong, blow my keeled soul along!  To it!  Aloft there!  What

on any application of the sort; and it would be safer for both,
to Mr Musgrove to find that no earlier day could be fixed,
The difficulty of disposing of poor Mr. Woodhouse had been always
      On every golden scale!
part and crept under the thickest hemlock-tree he could find.

God, and you yourselves thrust out.
He would be as little incumbrance as possible to Captain and Mrs Harville;
ran out from among the roots of the sand-hills, and so struck homeward,
102:2 Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble;

children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows, 11:17
of their helping you, as they know a good deal of these things.
who was immediately set as much at ease on the subject as his nervous
you, seen the playhouse _I_ have been used to?"
son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their
    foreheads whole and unhurt out of the flames;

to be an albatross.  Yet, in saying this, I do but indirectly burnish
"I have to thank you, Miss Woodhouse, for a very kind forgiving
18:21 And thou shalt not let any of thy seed pass through the fire to
forefront of the tabernacle.
tetrarch, and Saul.
that if she were to alter her resolution in favour of
send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces

4:1 After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and

The clear-sunn'd Mediterranean, and from one to another of its islands,
that made others happy; but she could not make them comprehend, that, if
105:11 Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of
field, and his boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long
a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have

laughing, and singing."
that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the
     "'Rule, Britannia! Britannia rules the waves!
he spoke brokenly and without sequence.
face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.
"Was there no one else in the carriage?"
prince in Israel.


32:2 Blessed is the man unto whom the LORD imputeth not iniquity, and
10:1 Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that
whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for
It is; Adue, Adue, Remember me: I haue sworn't
Talb.  Your fast friend from the first minute he ever saw you, my lord!
    cease--they are the burial lines,
29:10 The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.
that she could hardly believe it to be only their second meeting.



Is center, yet extends to all; so thou, 
Don Miguel! thou Chilian whale, marked like an old tortoise with
he took seriously; and not my story.
by his own power.
try-works, you would all but swear you trod some silent merchant
7:11 Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the
6:8 And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon
But she was too ignorant and giddy for respect, and he had never loved her.
heart.
we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this
gave unusual tokens of the vicinity of Right Whales, a species of the
meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the
    women fully equipt,
journey.
35:15 These six cities shall be a refuge, both for the children of
sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out
and rattle of an express train.
walls, bursting from the opened casements.  Thereby have villainies
and I sincerely hope Bath will do him all the good he wants.
in the time of harvest: for fear of the oppressing sword they shall
sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up

their heads, and a driving rain set full in their face.--

Knows that only that person has really learn'd who has learn'd to
give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee:
16:1 Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an
testament in my blood, which is shed for you.
like a dragon, he hath filled his belly with my delicates, he hath
young gentleman had slily put INTO THE BLIND MAN'S HAND, he saw that it
in Moby Dick.  He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all
22:27 Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art
As Harriet described it, there had been an interesting mixture
means of acquiring power.
10:21 And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the
learn it all on the spot?"
18:17 And the LORD said unto me, They have well spoken that which they
Oh heauie burthen!

And am around, tenacious, acquisitive, tireless, and cannot be shaken away.
must be submitted to, which consists of sitting an hour
the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us
gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan.
Harriet looked white and frightened, and he was trying to cheer her.--
Sir Walter had once been in company with the late viscount,
when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.
for his doubts.
"With whom?" asked Syme.
31:10 And they put his armour in the house of Ashtaroth: and they
Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount
As they were turning into the grounds, Mr. Perry passed by on horseback.
LORD.
I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts,
147:8 Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the
So minded, have o'er-leaped these earthly bounds 

testified in due time.
that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of
"Not at all, not at all; there is not an oath or a murmur


Mr. Elton since his going away.  Emma knew what was coming; they must

14:12 Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek



No more with tender lip, nor musical labial sound,
10:23 And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.
network of steel. On a second glance, Syme saw that the glittering

them out from the land of Egypt: this is that night of the LORD to be


but in pure puzzledom.
against the fenced cities, and against the high towers.
the same way that thou camest.
prepareth deceit.
else there except he since the foundation of the world.
Then are dream't of in our Philosophy. But come,

When Margaret was a tiny baby, her father and mother died, and she was

prove that they are sane.  In the first village you entered, the
heads of the owners of the Pequod.  Therefore he had not solicited a

dropped ye dead.  Perchance ye need it not.  Down lances!  And now,
Which to our general sire gave prospect large 
less anxious than herself for their removal, and only so much

On plots, and errors happen
that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from
of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.
which should not be done, and are guilty; 4:14 When the sin, which
for there she was giving up the sweetest hours of the twenty-four
     "Why, what's he done?" she demanded, rather shakily.
still more.  It was an arrangement, however, justified in
I give you my sprig of lilac.

'Of course not,' Alice replied very readily: 'but that's because it
speak to the children of thy people, and say unto them, When I bring


"Ah! you clever creature, that's very true.  What a thinking brain

11:2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the
Edmund thought that several of them looked like gold, and the girls


Thy king and lord? Back to thy punishment, 
nice order?" continued Miss Somers, looking round the kitchen.
perhaps this religious regularity which eventually drew Madeleine
13:2 As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said,
Or proceed to battle.
and well-wishers," added she, with a smile; "for those who wish well to
"You are mistaken, Elinor; you are very much mistaken.
and she was sometimes worried down by officious condolence

some lucky point of view you will catch passing glimpses of the
the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.
Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and
his sisters!  And as it is--only half blood!--But you
at any time, and help play at anything, or dance anywhere; and Anne,
there is no water, and dieth for thirst.
10:7 And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the
3:14 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every


4:16  And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also
grandeur.  But he who in the rightly regal and intelligent spirit

that dwell therein.
savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for

A little from this ground
A Nation announcing itself,
just hit the cross.  Many of the insurgents are simple people, and
soul?  16:27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father
9:5 And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of
left the box, hey?
Graue, to tell vs this
be sailors' trowsers buttons; but it afterwards turned out that they

stepped impulsively forward towards Madeleine, and then wavered
We thought our Union grand, and our Constitution grand,
himself sang a song. Now it was early summer-time, and the cuckoo was
blended with the black tragedy of the melancholy ship, and mocked it!
glittering copper; and all caught their breath, as half swinging--now
Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore.

We fought the fight in detachments,
    slender bugle note;
Arthur burst out a crying, and only said, "Yes, father, I'll do as you
This day; fear not his flight;so thick a cloud 
  His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]


son that serveth him.
Nor will I allow you to balk me any more with what I was calling life,
"So MacIan converted you?"
sank back and settled into its place with a noise as of innumerable bolts.
8:17 Then went Solomon to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in



Bethel to Luz, and passeth along unto the borders of Archi to Ataroth,
and against Jerusalem.
instantaneous that it left no trace behind it; and his features
Of neither sea, nor shore, nor air, nor fire, 
receiving from her again the same grateful acknowledgments,
be backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be

by the others, as if it had passed within the same apartment.
 
Thou Sun, of this great world both eye and soul, 
believed, and turned unto the Lord.
How Anne's more rigid requisitions might have been taken
years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land

Serpent, though brute; unable to transfer 
thine eyes?  9:27 He answered them, I have told you already, and ye

said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us.
blackberry-bush nodding up and down in the wind; and there it is
nearly six feet long; the second, third, and fourth were each
Old Man.  You are very good, miss; very good.  (Lucy goes to her myrtles

4:12 There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who
overlooking the minutest seminal germs of his blood, and spinning him
  Macb. To morrow, as he purposes
as, at the outset, Queequeg insisted that the yellow warehouse--our
and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which
With war and war's expression.
moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai.

With golden architrave; nor did there want 
glance long upon Daggoo, Queequeg, Tashtego; but shunning Fedallah;



battledore, which he balanced most curiously upon his forefinger.  "Look
Will purchase vs a good opinion:

"Bless you, my good boy; I should take you for an Englishman, by your way
36:17 And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain
Whoever you are, we too lie in drifts at your feet.
1:10 And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord
At this moment I cannot recollect his name, though I have heard it so lately.
Rough, or smooth rind, or bearded husk, or shell, 
to return again to dinner: she returned, and sooner than had been
ministering to the saints.
cunning and sharp.  Don't believe the story he tells you about why
instant of my life. And yet ten minutes afterwards, when he put his
    measureless love,

 
my mother did all her life before us, in peace and honesty with all the
monotonous and maddening.  The man you have just been talking to,
now!  Careful, careful!--come, Bildad, boy--say your last.  Luck to
23:4 Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain,
Stood waving tipt with fire; while we, suspense, 
7:59 And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord



whom the cup is found.
David built round about from Millo and inward.

to understand the value of such a woman.  Your peace will not be
Heshbon.
to find anyone doing it in such weather.

3:16 Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of
delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly.
15:28 And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father
     9
21:5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of
said Mr. Palmer.
 Then, with the multitude of my redeemed, 
The winter snows, the sleigh-bells, the broken ice in the river,
scalp-knot twisted up on his forehead.  His bald purplish head now
Finsb.  (taking off the mantle).  Sir, with your leave--I ask pardon--but
them not rejoice over me.
perish?

in the ears of the king.

it; now we are up in a cathedral and then we are down in a



and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you; 4:12 That ye may
inserted there by my particular friend Queequeg, whose duty it was,

as for a festive meal, with napkins in their rings, and wine-glasses

with Grant's son."
nearly flung on his face.  MacIan, though much heavier, avoided
into the deep.
To a fell adversary, his hate or shame: 
Ludgate Hill indeed had been an uncaptured and comparatively
the force of her objection.  "They had already spent a week
And often to me they are alive after what custom has served them,
scriptures that Jesus was Christ.
Giuing my selfe a voluntary wound
England colt, of the black bisons of distant Oregon?
    obedience, compulsion, and to infidelity,
STUBB AND FLASK MOUNTED ON THEM, AND PASSING ADDITIONAL LASHINGS OVER
from Highbury to Enscombe, the contrast between the places in some
it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy
Nearer his presence Adam, though not awed, 
will not leave thee altogether unpunished.
a trivial matter, like a post card; it may be left to his private
of the squid; some of them thus exhibited exceeding twenty and thirty
in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the
hopeless slave population, when the future obviously was only
27:2 And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that
the dry stubble?  13:26 For thou writest bitter things against me, and
I hear the Hindoo teaching his favorite pupil the loves, wars,
unto them.
was the key.  All these things, as I say, the professor had
When the full-grown poet came,
6:12 And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes,
Spurning all yet tried ports, seas, hawsers, densities, gravitation,
My course runs below the soundings of plummets.
nothing around him.
Come not here if you have already spent the best of yourself,
up the two swords that were their only luggage; the swords that,
shoulder of Starbuck, who had thus far been the foremost to assist
three.
is come upon my lord the king: 4:25 That they shall drive thee from
Now I face home again, very pleas'd and joyous,
hath committed, he shall die for it.
The orphans were shocked and astonished when they heard, from Isabella

20:23 (And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD
    rudeness of body, withdrawnness,
stabbed her, gentlemen.  But the captain, having some unusual reason
against the workers of iniquity.
friend in better hands.  His rank in society I would alter if I could,
Whate'er I saw.  Thou Sun, said I, fair light, 


in love with well-informed minds instead of handsome faces, a girl,
Emma was not at this time in a state of spirits to care really
"Steelkilt rose, and slowly retreating round the windlass, steadily

more exquisite than ever in the deepening sunset, and that there
on his own canal, I have received good turns from one of these
thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy
20:17 So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his
between themselves, or producing coolness between their husbands.

"There he goes now; to him nothing's happened; but to me, the skewer


    Lord of the earth and sea, he bends a slave,
this night by four well armed men.  They will set out five hours hence.
But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an Arabic scholar , Tabit Ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three . Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years . 2 . The `` Lo Shu '' square as an expression of centrality The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) . But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism . Among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor , Shih Huang-ti , in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity , was the burning of the books in 213 B.C. , with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking ; ; but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared . Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast Ch'in palace some ten years later ; ; yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) . In fact , during the first century B.C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination . However , the wei books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605 . After all this destruction of old literature , it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the Lo Shu , which was already semisecret anyhow . But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period . Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself . But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts . Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram . The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it . Indeed , mathematically speaking , it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram . If one takes the middle number , 5 , and multiplies it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ) , the result is 15 , which is also the constant sum of all the rows , columns , and two main diagonals . Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ; and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed . Furthermore , the middle number of the Lo Shu is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ; it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 . In fact , the neat balance of these pairs , and their subtle equilibrium , would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese . For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , equating the two groups with the Yang and Yin principles in Nature ; ; and in this square , the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( Yang ) numbers , and those composed of large and small even ( Yin ) numbers , were all equal to each other . Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts erased , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of the Lo Shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis . The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the Lo Shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality . These twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han dynasty . The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences . His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy . After this time , inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest . Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five . We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others . This trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five Elements itself , as though they had served as the base for all the rest ; ; but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ? And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ? Obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives , and that may have been the workings of the Lo Shu . This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking . Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought . Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries . 3 . Yin and Yang in the `` Lo Shu '' square Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the Lo Shu , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the Lo Shu held for the Old Chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders . For the Lo Shu square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time . As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the Lo Shu ; ; but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen . According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' . Heaven , acting through the Tao , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the Yin and the Yang . The Yang , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the Sun ; ; while the Yin , or female principle , flourished in darkness , cold , and quiet inactivity , and was associated with the Moon . Together these two principles influenced all things , and in varying combinations they were present in everything . We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being Yang , while the even numbers were Yin , so that the eight outer numbers of the Lo Shu represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the axial center . During the Han dynasty , another Yin-Yang conception was applied to the Lo Shu , considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China . Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces , as was usually done , this equated the odd , Yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant , hence Yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( sinuous and yielding , hence Yin ) ; ; taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China . Thus the middle number , 5 , represented Sung-Shan in Honan , Central China ; ; the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ; the 7 , Hwa-Shan in Shensi , West China ; ; the 1 , Heng-Shan in Hopei , North China ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi ) ; ; and the 9 , Huo-Shan in Anhwei , which was then the South Sacred Mountain . For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; ; the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; ; the 8 , the Chi in the Northeast ; ; and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest . Note that by Western standards this plan was `` upside down '' , as it put North at the bottom and South at the top , with the other directions correspondingly altered ; ; but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was equated with the Nine Provinces ; ; and whenever the Lo Shu involved directional symbolism , it was oriented in this same fashion .
him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.
"what do you say now to Mr. Knightley's marrying Jane Fairfax?"
14:10 Thus saith the LORD unto this people, Thus have they loved to
and falling in front inside his jacket like a sort of fancy waistcoat.
and an ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah.
In some to spring from thee; who never touched 
the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron
great many people who had real taste for the performance,

that with a little contrivance, every body might be lodged,
entered it as her own.  Her eagerness to be gone from Norland
the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.
24:15 So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even
Disloyal on the part of Man, revolt, 

1:20 And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be published
"In defence of your protege you can even be saucy."
seen all that the LORD did before your eyes in the land of Egypt unto
I cannot tell, what you and other men
once more; and Emma would then resign her place to Miss Fairfax,
sanctified in you before their eyes.
25:19 And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham
136:10 To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy
you throw off your wig and throw up your scheme and throw over
and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were
John.
If Syme had been able to see himself, he would have realised that

departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria.
Haply the Seas and Countries different

Or the vaunted glory and growth of the great city spread around me? --no;


of being listened to anew on this subject, and afterwards,

So Vnckle there you are: now to my word;
Yet I am visited from heaven and he that smiles on all
See where their basest mettle be not mou'd,
A glass of wine, which Elinor procured for her directly,

should be divided between Uppercross Cottage and Kellynch Lodge.
Princedoms, and Dominations ministrant, 
Greenland whale (that is to say, the Right whale), even Scoresby, a
4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when
one that had authority, and not as the scribes.
9:25 When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked
did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither
busts of him.  It had the same long regularly graded retreating slope
41:11 But when Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the
The appointed winners in a long-stretch'd game;
Speed on my book! spread your white sails my little bark athwart the

Now, while discoursing of sperm, it behooves to speak of other things

if a man do, he shall even live in them.
I henceforth no more ignore them than I ignore my own life,
"Um-m-m, my, my, but these are good!" he mumbled in his deep
   Macb. Glamys, and Thane of Cawdor:
being sent to sea again.  He stood his chance for the rest;

Chaldee or Greek had higher and holier thoughts than those, whose
while the sun and the clouds and the wooded hills looked down

withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they
to see the master of the house; but it proved to be one

both sea air and bathing."
Of God, whom to behold was then my highth 
added distinction than lessened beauty.  His strong, well-opened
prophet swam to, and so was saved from a watery doom.  Poor
At first, as one who sought access, but feared 
but he did not contradict.  Then the priest, a shorter figure
"Up with you, then!" said Mr. Somerville; and the boy ran up the stairs.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women,
before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of
in which she was now beginning to consider Donwell Abbey, was never
up: 8:6 And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people
his chariot against the Syrians, and died at even: and the blood ran

Chilmad, were thy merchants.


Killes Polonius
hast dreamed?  Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to
at Mrs. Weston; but stopped, on perceiving that Mrs. Weston was


grieved, and feared; and the affront it contained to Anne,
23:26 They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy
agreeable to others?
on board a ship.  While we were together, you know, there was nothing
Syrian coast, were the most conspicuous object in the cymballed

days and nights:

be as mad as ten hatters, if you like, but he has us between his
  Lady. To bed, to bed: there's knocking at the gate:
The nights are wholsome, then no Planets strike,

mind was in such agitation, that he neither talked nor moved like
and it was there our engagement was formed, though not till
were in his house.
you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave
was her being treated with too much confidence by all parties,
scatter it.
Not shriuing time allowed
Severe in youthful beauty, added grace 
1:11 And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the
That are but Mutes or audience to this acte:

was with him.
little trench and walk backward, and as you walk you hoe the loose earth
religion involves that you will not reveal what I am now going to
And put a barren Scepter in my Gripe,

and smoked reflectively.  The other and elder doctor had gone
bosom.
departed species.  A significant illustration of the fact, again and
She found, on reaching home, that she had, as she intended,
REASONS' against it."
To his vnmastred importunity.
80:8 Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the
the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.

Rose from the hill-top, like applause and glory,

Discovering in wide landskip all the east 
It was not very long, though rather longer than Mr. Weston had foreseen,

119:24 Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.leth.
and all that the young man might be feeling!--It was too wretched!--
No bargainers' bargains by day--no brokers or speculators--would
Produce great Persons, the rest follows.

and sevenpence!"
commandments of men.
And summons read, the great consult began. 
Exacts our parting hence; and see!the guards, 

Accounted dangerous folly. Why then (alas)
Which were it toilsome, yet with thee were sweet. 

Assyria, and saw an altar that was at Damascus: and king Ahaz sent to
19:23 The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.
   Every blackening church appals,


Have I not through life kept you and yours before me?)
congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel
all sail, made after her four young keels, and thus they all
"What did they TELL you about him?  Say that!"
she said she was sorry we never met now; which I thought almost
'It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.
to be good.  The very next night, in spite of all his fears, and all his
believe the gospel.
She would have been too happy but for poor Harriet; but every
proclamations--they will come at the end.
First: What is a Fast-Fish?  Alive or dead a fish is technically

I hear the heart-beat, I follow, I fade away.
passed six weeks not six months ago!--Emma could not but picture
of this covenant, 11:4 Which I commanded your fathers in the day that
You hurt yourselves with that; and then Captain Cutler must have
on which are built all the lying mythologies of mankind,
Anne heard nothing of this.  She was still in the astonishment and
which had not on a wedding garment: 22:12 And he saith unto him,
of the pillars: the height of the one chapiter was five cubits, and
which she hardly knew how to do, from the consciousness of there
grateful wonder to you and myself.  But this does not acquit _him_,
Am found eternal, and incorporate both; 
For bearing of this greeting to old Norway,
with patience and industry.  Many were the difficulties which his

18:6 Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became

lack.
17:20 And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou
She was persuaded that under every disadvantage of disapprobation at home,
and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 1:2 Who bare
"By the bye," said Frank Churchill to Mrs. Weston presently,
carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their
not have blessed Attorney Case, though, if she had known about my poor
Or wet the thirsty earth with falling showers, 

recently invented CROW'S-NEST of the Glacier, which was the name of
Taken to Wife; nor haue we heerein barr'd
(Still uttering, still ejaculating, canst never cease this babble?)
according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the
and made himself very agreeable by his good-humoured notice
whenever it has been convenient to consult one in the course of these

to signifie this to his Doctor: for for me to put him
"So we have been finely duped, indeed," cried some of the bystanders,
23:10 Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourth
For ever, to remove him I decree, 
also.  But when a man's religion becomes really frantic; when it is a

rolling his eyes in bewilderment he felt a touch on his elbow,
Farmer (to the Landlady).  Why, now, pray, Mrs. Landlady, how long may it
set the Table on a Rore? No one now to mock your own

"Good heavens!" she exclaimed, "he is there--he
hand of the wicked shall come upon him.
alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your


The pump, the pile-driver, the great derrick, the coal-kiln and brickkiln,
And hauing brought our Treasure, where we will,
the rear paused on their way.  The whales had irregularly settled
bolted door,--a thin one, with fixed blinds inserted, in place of
my greatest comfort.  Life could do nothing for her,


This earth all spann'd with iron rails, with lines of steamships
slanting up higher than a house.  On the top of the mound, against

    Hayti, others Hudson's bay or Baffin's bay,

as she was for ever receiving from yourself and your father,
sacrifices of peace offerings: seven days shalt thou tarry, till I
up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.
LORD, that this house shall become a desolation.
say it in French.  Nor did he, strictly speaking, say it in
Floats as they pass, fanned with unnumbered plumes: 

12:23 And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of
frequented by the Sperm Whale fishermen.  But not all of them knew of

cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my
the youngest of the three, and, compared with either of them,
thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of
                                              "MAURICE GRANT.
his way in, and carried in his hand a string of dead larks hung to a
shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my
The naturall Gates and Allies of the body;
them.

for assistance.  Some lavender drops, however, which she
All is for individuals, all is for you,
and for the people: and offer the offering of the people, and make an
Or Shakspere's woe-entangled Hamlet, Lear, Othello--Tennyson's fair ladies,
frosty scene--"as I was saying, I couldn't describe the man very minutely,
the child, and nursed it.
I could not comprehend how.  What wild imaginations one forms where

 And her breast did lick
and to Edward she gave one with still greater affection.
"in one point, I am sure, we must feel alike.  We must feel that
     33
my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father
22:4 I will call on the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I
he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
upon the God of Israel; The LORD of hosts is his name.
"Aye, yesterday.  Have ye seen a whale-boat adrift?"

constant endeavour to appear to advantage.  Elinor saw,
have a bad time of it, for the tree-trunks got in his way so that he
MY KINGDOM
bands loosed from off his hands.
like unto thee all thy days.

"Lud, child, you are turned simpleton all of a sudden; how can your
6:49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.
On such a full Sea are we now a-float,
3:11 Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner

them that worship therein.
bruised, 4:19 To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
Whither I go, ye cannot come.
deceived thereby is not wise.
And all that in them without me were seeds only, latent, unborn;
pocket-money, as you have had too much, and have made a bad use of it."

Sweare Priests and Cowards, and men Cautelous
because he feareth not before God.
shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.
10:30 And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine
built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the
oil, and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD: 14:13 And he
2:22 Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of
Now they seemed in pleasant conversation.  There had been a time
45:15 Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself, O God of Israel, the

sea.

wept bitterly, the strong men turned their faces aside, and the little
her little sister's dream.
die.
"TO MYSELF, sir, if you please," replied Sir Arthur.
    music and wild-flapping pennants of joy!
Who now shall rear ye to the sun, or rank 
27:6 And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy
which were continually bursting forth, Captain Wentworth added: --
universal good-will and contented temper which worked such wonders.

boat, and the walk turns to the wells, and numbers of people perpetually
Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.

went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side; and the
Every thing as natural and simple as possible.  Is not that your idea?"
Under inhuman pains?  Why should not Man, 
uneasiness as both her sisters had lately experienced,

and made her captious and irritable to a degree that must have been--
feminine." *
himself." The tailor said, "I will certainly do that, but you must give
from catching the 7.45 for Paris. If he misses that he misses his
him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art

joined in the scamper.  "Chase him over a county!  Chase him into
voice of the LORD your God, 42:14 Saying, No; but we will go into the
Hamlet is of the Faction that is wrong'd,
Sicily was a jester, and no one knew him for the king.
labyrinth of a figure, no two parts of which were of one precise
13:7 Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took the girdle from
"Merchant service be damned.  Talk not that lingo to me.  Dost see

the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my

SCENE II.
(Greets the antique the hero new? 'tis but the same--the heir
"How cruel! how wicked!" continued Loveit.

25:4 Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn.

As soon as Steelkilt leaves me, I swear to beach this boat on yonder

In single file each shouldering his hod pass onward the laborers;
people who live in the Green Forest. He heard Sammy Jay way off in the
31:34 And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every
 
9:22 And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye
"Do you understand," said the other, "that this is a tragedy?"


From the right hand of Glory where he sat; 

exclusively, passionately loved by Mr. Knightley.  _She_ could not.
into Devonshire, to prepare the house for their mistress's
them for an offering.
let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt.

heard devils can be raised with Daboll's arithmetic, I'll try my hand
me, and like a true child of fire, I breathe it back to thee."
That and here my General's first battle,

34:9 And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for
had been swept away, and a naked moon stood in a naked sky. The
In the morning Betty went with Miss Barbara's compliments to Susan, to

of the good mead you made last year from your own honey."
Presented with a universal blank 
assault for some time with a lance; but the furious monster at length
Green Meadows had been hiding where they could see all that went on.
Or the show of the tushes of power, soldiers, cannon, penal statutes.
eye.
in Park Lane. Along the side of these carriages stood a rank of
Brahmin. And after a time they saw an Eagle, high overhead. The Brahmin
LORD yet revealed unto him.
detail upon the modifications of expression discernible therein.  Nor
the boat it is spirally coiled away in the tub, not like the
blue funk! But the worst devil was you and your infernal goggles."
68:21 But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp
In this calm kind of way, with very little interest
5:8 Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field,
And strike up the marches of Libertad, marches more powerful yet,
he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed,
Damasco, or Marocco, or Trebisond, 
impression of distancing altogether those, whoever they were, who
way up to the loft, to look like the wonderful beanstalk. One of the
Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the

I am as one disembodied, triumphant, dead.
5:21 And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side,
the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out before the
Cannot be ill; cannot be good.
yet the boat was being towed on.  Soon ranging up by his flank,
and the shape of this ball?  This globe is reasonable; that cross
"'I nod my head to all who pass, and dreary nights and dreary days go
feelings!  You had rather take evil upon credit than good.

LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone.
whatever passed in conversation before children became part of their
  Ham. Why any thing. But to the purpose; you were
For several months now , Jack Carter , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ; she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately . When she would do these things , he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach . Then he would run to the toilet behind the house . Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him . But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right . And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure . He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ; when he went home at night , he took her with him in his mind , and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do , and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do . When he awoke in the mornings , she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh . Miss Langford ( her first name was Evelyn ) was an attractive girl . Tall , blonde , blue-eyes , fair , buxom without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , starched summer dress . Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her , too ( it may have been there for a good while , since she was twenty now ; ; but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like Jack . She would look at Jack , with that hidden something in her eyes , and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick . School began in August , the hottest part of the year , and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children , letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another . The first two or three days they went home early . All , that is , except Jack . He hung around the schoolhouse , watching through a window from outside while Miss Langford straightened desks and put the room in order . Once ( this was on the third day of school ) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg . He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating . About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him , he thought , although probably she didn't even see him . He jumped back , ducked and ran , crouching , down the hill away from the school . He didn't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath ; ; then he slowed to a walk . The vision became even stronger now . `` I'll get her yet '' , he muttered to himself . `` I've got to get her '' . That night he dreamed a dream violent with passion , in which he and the Woman , now the teacher , did everything except engage in the act ( and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality ) , and when he awoke the next morning his heart was afire . He ate litle that morning , and his mother became concerned , inasmuch as he usually ate heartily . `` What's the matter , honey '' ? ? She said , with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child . `` Aren't you hungry '' ? ? `` No , I'm not hungry '' , he said , pushing back the bacon and eggs . Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . He felt a little sick at his stomach . `` Are you sick '' ? ? `` No '' , he said . `` I'll be all right . I guess it's this hot weather '' . `` Don't you play hard today then . And if you get sick , ask the teacher to let you come home early . Daddy left the car for me , and I'm going to town this afternoon '' . `` OK. , I won't play hard '' , he promised . Just then Charles Lever yelled , `` Hey , Jack '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house , and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` Good-bye , Mom '' over his shoulder . `` Whaddya say , boy '' ? ? Charles said , grinning , showing his huge yellow teeth . Charles , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes . He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him . `` You know what I done last night '' ? ? Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were Charles' only apparent interest . But Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles' revelations ( even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention ) , so he usually invited them , as he did now . `` No . What '' ? ? `` I got Margaret Rider in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry '' . A nude imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jack's mind . His heart beat faster . `` Hell you say '' ? ? He said , lapsing into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles . `` How'd you do it '' ? ? `` Hell , I jist got on top of -- '' `` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ? `` Hell , I jist ask her '' . `` Jist like that '' ? ? `` Hell , yes . She's been hangin' around me a lot here lately , and I figgered I might as well's try it . Besides I heard her old uncle that stays there has been doin' it '' . `` I never heard that '' . `` It's all over Branchville . If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself '' . `` I might try it one of these days '' , Jack said wonderingly , thinking of Miss Langford . When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse . Miss Langford , in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside . `` Time for books '' , she yelled , jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand . `` Let's go inside '' . `` Oh , come on Miss Langford , play with us just onct '' , one of the little girls begged , smiling wistfully . `` No , not now '' , said the teacher . `` Maybe at dinner time . Come inside now '' . The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse . Jack watched Miss Langford all morning . He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider . Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did . At noontime , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except Charles , went off out the road to play ball . `` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ? He asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade , watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse . `` Miss Langford , come out and play with us like you promised '' , several of the little girls called . `` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , Charles grinned . `` Maybe some of 'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress '' . `` Maybe '' , Jack said idly , watching for Miss Langford . Presently she came out of the schoolhouse . When she appeared , two or three of the little girls jumped up and down , yelling , `` Goody , goody '' . `` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants . `` O.K. '' Charles rose also , and the two of them moved over to join the girls . They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , Jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` Gosh , I'm sorry , Miss Langford . I didn't mean to pull so hard '' . `` That's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes . `` It was my fault '' . With one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jack's extended hand with the other . When her hand touched his , fire went through Jack and he felt weak , but he managed somehow to get her on her feet . He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go . `` Thank you '' , she said , dusting herself off . `` Will you play with us again , Miss Langford '' ? ? One of the little girls said . `` No more today . Maybe some other day '' . `` Oh , shucks '' , the girl said . `` I don't believe I'll play any more neither '' . `` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going off in pairs , in larger groups and alone . Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past Robert Allen's three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes . When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class . That should do it , he thought , because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work . He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack . `` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . To his surprise his plan worked perfectly . `` All right , if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out '' , Miss Langford said firmly , not smiling . `` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' . And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home . He scarcely saw them . His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ?
When he came to Miss Woodhouse, he was obliged to read the whole

policy of the Spanish crown, touching those colonies; and, if space
prosperity as in adversity, saw and enjoyed the comic foibles of his
118:6 The LORD is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto
and his eyes were enlightened.
To star or sun-light, spread their umbrage broad 
demanded his harpoon; she allowed no harpoon in her chambers.  "Why
"Yes, with circumstances," replied Archer; "but right or wrong, as long
         CHORUS.
into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all
not put him into prison.
against herself, mortification, and deep concern.  She had not
goings.
Shittim, and came to Jordan, he and all the children of Israel, and
4:7 And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it,
22:39 And Balaam went with Balak, and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth.
25:11 Shall I then take my bread, and my water, and my flesh that I
    about death.)
and they immediately ran to her assistance.
position is rather a curious one. Inside I am really bursting with
street of snow, sat the old anarchist Professor over a glass of

Poor Marianne, languid and low from the nature
day.
O now I triumph--and you shall also;
Mordecai for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto
added Mrs. Dashwood, "even if I remain at Barton; and in all
talking to him about it; whilst he, in the greatest terror imaginable,
which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
as I need not tell you, you were forced on me; and what a
the dinner-table. But he couldn't be got to conceive the notion of
     Poet:
hour of adversity, when the clock struck five, and no dinner was dished,
stick delivered upon the door.
 To rise from generation free:
thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all

entirely on reason, and certainly not at all on truth.
sevenfold.
countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's
It seems to me I can look over and behold them in Germany, Italy,
pricks.
activity of the excited seamen.

26:66 What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.
    gather from you.
only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands, saith the

12:42 It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing
may have been merely a crescendo of nervous fancy that had gone
advised Little Joe always to make friends with any one who was bigger
5:20 But Gehazi, the servant of Elisha the man of God, said, Behold,

was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.

of the wicked speaketh frowardness.
2:9 When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made
shalt surely die.

Susan, who had always been attentive to what her mother taught her, and
she was anxious to be at home.
sixteen thousand persons;) 31:47 Even of the children of Israel's
in the corner complacently uncoiled all the ropes and let them fall
you might have been suffered to practice it, but beyond that--
6:31 And for the entering of the oracle he made doors of olive tree:
man-servant who opened the door was brief but dignified.
congratulating him upon his safety, and did not perceive, till he had

"My spectacles are blackguardly," he said, "but I'm not. Look at

no room for the little zigzags of embarrassment.  Without knowing
His own parents, he that had father'd him and she that had conceiv'd


30:17 For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy
indignation, said, "Brother, I wish--"
What meant that caution joined, If ye be found 
giant strawberries, and I'm to go for 'em tomorrow morning, and I'll be
and indeed, it goes so heauenly with my disposition;

turning round, was astonished to see Edward himself come out.
heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things
divine, or the human and the animal.  It was more like the
were fully fringed with one of those irritating beards that begin
in the earth after the flood.
30:19 Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt: and they shall know that

Then there fell upon him the great temptation that was to torment
"You're overdone, MacIan," said Turnbull, putting him on one
servant had left the room, "now, Mr. Frederick Montague, I have a favour-
shalt thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to


too much self-occupied to hear.
ours.

"What was that?" asked Syme.
I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their


"Is there a felicity in the world," said Marianne,
"It is not now worth a regret," said Emma.
in your head, but it won't easily get the bullet out of his.

his mouth that which he hath swallowed up: and the nations shall not
of friends!--and Mr. George and Mr. Arthur!--How do you do?  How do

But, as yet, Stubb heeded not the mumblings of the banquet that was
honest, and one of the best of sons.  Let us do something for him.  If

41:16 And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall
And euery man hence, to his idle bed:
Mrs. Talb.  Nor you either, my dear.    (She sighs, and is silent.)
judgment to the Gentiles.
As vitiated in nature:  More to know 
your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all
Though after sleepless night; for see!the morn, 
Or shew the glory of our Art?

"Encouragement!--I give you encouragement!--Sir, you have been entirely
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, 'Have
unfeeling, unprofitable Dick Musgrove, who had never done anything
intellect or the fancy; but in the wife, the heart, the bed, the
sing praise to the name of the LORD most high.
And what you effuse may then return as the seasons return,
and still less of the details.  Besides, my attention was very sharply
come not at your wives.
repeating itself in his mind, a contradiction as large and
last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son.
the hour; and when the squall came (for it's squally off there by
This only need be said;--that when they all sat down to
Colonel Campbell rather preferred an olive.  My dear Jane,
 For Mercy has a human heart
 Like a fiend hid in a cloud.
I am no card-player."
God.
And now Saint Peter at Heaven's wicket seems 
'In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, 'I move
black head towards Audrey, but the other had no need of the direction,

right way: 12:24 Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all

to sour his mind, nor (she began pretty soon to suspect) to prevent his
the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of
Pacific in time to cruise there.  Therefore, he must wait for the
these fears were fancies, for he found himself in the presence of
hid, that shall not be known.
every kind of distress that could have befallen him,
took the vail off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake unto
son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of
me, after she was gone, 'Pray, who is that neat, modest girl--?'  But I
noon-day air.  Unlike the straight perpendicular twin-jets of the

and instead of passing on, he stopt for several minutes at the two
Accordingly, with a mixture of the serious and the playful, which she
5:1 For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were
Enter.
wilderness: for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of
he did not feel the same."
Mrs. Weston was in distress about the supper; and Mr. Woodhouse
cushions in order to speak up through the open door.

Surprisal, unadmonished, unforewarned. 
surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.

24:2 But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no


to this, if he still persisted in this low connection,

am of uncircumcised lips?  6:13 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto
that came from the cities of Judah unto Jerusalem.
his lovingkindnesses.
that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the
   Malc. Perchance euen there
Long tailed coat ought always to be worn in all storms afloat.  The
To that meek man, who well had sacrificed; 

Anne found in Mrs Smith the good sense and agreeable manners which
left shall fall by the sword.
and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner,
3:9 If it please the king, let it be written that they may be
The sky o'erarches here, we feel the undulating deck beneath our feet,
In either hand the hastening Angel caught 
That keepes you in the house, and not your owne.
years.
of his neighbours.--He could not see any objection at all to his,
9:18 And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were
1:6 If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness,
    pass'd to other spheres,

and continued her enquiries.
face between his knees, 18:43 And said to his servant, Go up now, look

of Israel, unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before
3:16 Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be
25:8 And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is
an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not
11:8 And ye shall compass the king round about, every man with his
1:5 Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more:
LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a
had she endeavoured to find a friend there instead of in Harriet Smith;
And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called
but her bloom had vanished early; and as even in its height,


20:17 And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written,
1:19 And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the
Aware of the fresh free giver the flowing Missouri, aware of 
102:12 But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance

     "I spare you," said the Duke in a voice of inhuman pity.
towards Randalls most days.  He has not been able to get the
"Come up!  Come in!" howled the little man, dancing with delight.
shone among the branches just like Christmas candles. From where He lay

More then his Fathers death, that thus hath put him
Standards and gonfalons 'twixt van and rear 

11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this
15:11 Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye

   All. None Brutus, none
committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have
"Really," said Gregory superciliously, "the examples you choose--"
than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
been aware in time, who it was, that he might have been introduced to us.

  Bru. I pray you sirs, lye in my Tent and sleepe,
leave you again?"  A degree of unexpected cordiality, however,
This new created world, whereof in Hell 
process than the law.  He was determined to make it by marriage.
because of Hazael king of Syria.
and so many mothers and fathers died that there were more orphans than

25:11 For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for it is
28:9 So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the

of their looks, and felt equal to everything which she believed
any food this day. And the people were faint.
Ever the old inexplicable query, ever that thorn'd thumb, that
Nor the present, nor the least wisp that is known.
inquiring eye at defiance.
16:19 My meat also which I gave thee, fine flour, and oil, and honey,
The ambassador having thus, in his opinion, concluded his own and the
Mr. Willoughby--he has broken no positive engagement
he exclaimed.  "Why, how did your men get hold of him?"
pray, William (Justice leans back gravely), what sort of a looking fellow

face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from

He listened to her with silent attention, and on

faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross,

   Macb. Both of you know Banquo was your Enemie
8:21 And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are
mental vitality.  He had at last begun thoroughly to understand
5:4 And Esther answered, If it seem good unto the king, let the king
Envelop'd in you sleep greater heroes and bards,
nothing of Edward, and for some time nothing of anybody
Turns atheist, as did Eli's sons, who filled 
Mr. Knightley looked as if he were more gratified than he cared
8:10 And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the
baker's with a piece from which it was cut, which he went to see in the

105:3 Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that
The Ocean (ouer-peering of his List)
23:17 And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer
    library;
tidings.
Stood ranked of Seraphim another row, 
true princes of the Empire from the world's hustings; and leaves the

Lamenting turned full sad; O!what are these, 
MacIan lifted his head and looked at the Master steadily, but
22:2 And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him
filthy communication out of your mouth.

subdued under me those that rose up against me.
24:19 For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away?
I will save thy children.
of the matter might add another shade of prejudice against him.
It was now time to choose the Queen.  The setting sun shone full upon the
natural occurrence and a supernatural one--if there could be such
    evil as well as good,

And the Ear is in it somehow, I fancy; either a symbol or a delusion
"How long has this been known to you, Elinor? has
2:8 But thou, son of man, hear what I say unto thee; Be not thou
34:10 Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered
exactly because he is judging.  There is at last one simple
hands to unconditional perdition, in case this intention was carried

77:9 Hath God forgotten to be gracious? hath he in anger shut up his
remember, when you are having a good time.
death.
The sleepers are very beautiful as they lie unclothed,
116:1 I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my
went on the courier-brigand, with the same easy yet sinister smile,
23:39 For when they had slain their children to their idols, then they

2:9 And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said

23:48 Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all
Italian money, he was no match for the cunning Piedro, who cheated him
king's house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.
none that can deliver out of thine hand.
children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month
11:21 For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and
     The priest was holding a splinter of the broken wood between
the teeth of lions.
The seven millions of distinct families and the same number of dwellings--
we shall soon hear that it is a present from Mr. and Mrs. Dixon."

Living or dying, from thee I will not hide 
Give me a perfect child, give me away aside from the noise of the
None separate from thee--henceforth One only, we and thou,

   Pol. Oh I am slaine.

shell-fish.
stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his



And do you now strew Flowers in his way,
that it would be a shame to have him single any longer--and I thought

29:22 And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a




the oppressed of the world. You are arresting me on the charge of
but of the residents left; and, as there is nothing to admire
  Hor. E'ene so
simplicity which even surprise could never throw off its balance.


All generations; and had hither come 
fastened upon the riveted gold coin there, he still wore the same
In triumph issuing forth their glorious Chief; 
as if at a word of command.  But perhaps there was something
people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers.
Full of common employments--full of grain and trees.
washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's
Bates keeping away from her.  But Miss Bates soon came--"Very happy
14:6 Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his
Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer

never to speak of the affair to any one with the least
the great harp from the wall, where it hung, and fled away with it.
LORD; Stand in the court of the LORD's house, and speak unto all the

When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean . Of course , in prudential calculation , in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done , no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows . Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action . I mean , however , that the moral theologian knows what he means by `` permit '' . He is not talking in the main about probabilities , risks and danger in general . He is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result ) as it efficaciously does some good . He is talking about double effects , of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other , but causes both ; ; of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences . This is what , in a technical sense , to `` only permit '' an evil result means . It means to do it and to know one is doing it , but as only a secondary if certain effect of the good one primarily does and intends . Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action . Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' . Naturally , where one or the other of the effects of an action is uncertain , this has to be taken into account . Especially is this true when , because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is prohibited . Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account . There must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view , but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm . If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil . Nevertheless , according to the traditional theory , a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences . He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action . Above all , he does not debate mere contingencies , and therefore , if these are possibly dreadful , find himself forced into inaction . He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . By contrast , a good deal of nuclear pacifism begins with the contingencies and the probabilities , and not with the moral nature of the action to be done ; ; and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based . Mr. Philip Toynbee writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues . If it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin '' . Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' . He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years . This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' . Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ; `` the worst , and least probable '' result ; ; `` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ; for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? Thus , moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely eventuality ; ; it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself , its intention , and proximate effect or the thing to be done . Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil . `` It is worse for a nation to give in to evil than to run the risk of annihilation '' . `` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design . But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ? ) `` Quoting Mr. Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war , he ( Toynbee ) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . `` If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' . `` If Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the risk of nuclear war , I think he is right . I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' . Even Professor Arnold Toynbee , agreeing with his son , does so in these terms : `` Compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race , all other evils are lesser evils . Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' . Mr. Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world . Even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of dehumanised humans occupying the earth until doomsday '' . No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature . But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force . On their way to the Heavenly City the children of God make use of the pax-ordo of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation . Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand . Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment . `` I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die uselessly by atomisation '' . Would such an act of refusal be useful ? ? He does not mean , in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition , that `` if we took the risk of surrendering , a new generation in Britain would soon begin to amass its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender '' . He wants to be `` brutally frank and say that these rebellions would be hopeless -- far , far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956 '' . This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons . It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past . `` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples . Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' . This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ; it is to stride along the steep slope downward . The only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of war ; ; and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race . That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures . Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end . We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
lucky day; and now, in her old age, she was a beggar, without a house to
12:1 Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to
But the Sperm Whale's food is far beneath the surface, and there he
lies thus tranced, and though this pine-tree shakes down its sighs
well since.  A long time, is not it, for a cold to hang upon her?
generally pleasing; and capable of being sometimes out of humour.
the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will
21:3 Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah: 21:4
10:14 A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be;
set him thereon.

he felt the necessity of instant exertion, he recovered
1:21 She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of
without a pole; a top-maul, and the smallest of the sail-maker's

four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
my father's acquaintance as he did.  My father was certainly disposed
Onely it spoyles the pleasure of the time
behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself.
such a day--very much such a sweetness as this--I struck my first


Leviathan swam as of yore; was there swimming in that planisphere,
the day.

That struts and frets his houre vpon the Stage,
delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the


12:31 And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy
wickedness.

Labouring, two massy clods of iron and brass 
finally bestirred themselves to cleanse the ship, and make a spotless

conveyed home in Lady Dalrymple's carriage, which was seen waiting
figure. He seemed to have a fine close suit with knee-breeches such

any information of their short-lived engagement.  That brother had been


Wandering, shall in a glorious temple enshrine. 
of the greatest service to Dr Shirley, after his illness,
Let others promulge the laws, I will make no account of the laws,
the expense of a journey from Sussex to do them honour.
Into one place, and let dry land appear. 
eyes, "wear black masks half-way down the face?"
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by
[FANCIES AT NAVESINK]
13:27 And he spake to his sons, saying, Saddle me the ass. And they

If I say sooth, I must report they were
And top of Soueraignty?
32:19 And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods
Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto


letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'
8:14 And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the
every side.
   Or the summer fruits appear?
14:31 Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth
cord of Madame Leviathan, by which the young cub seemed still
against his boot.


leathern tally round its neck, with the ship's time and place; and
He looked, and saw wide territory spread 

there.

Walking the deck with quick, side-lunging strides, Ahab commanded the
extremely well on each; that is my idea of him."
44:16 For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth; by reason

from Mrs. Jennings the following natural remark.
18:27 Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that
92:4 For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work: I will
she was very fond, to discharge a debt due for her schooling; and, in
6:23 And within the oracle he made two cherubims of olive tree, each
To Kanada till I absorb Kanada in myself, to Michigan then,
"Mr. Weston do not trifle with me.--Consider how many of my dearest
All the particulars of Vice so grafted,
Look'd on the haze on the hills southward and south-westward,

16:10 Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear:

departed from it.
19:28 And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and
she had rendered, or ever meant to render, to his wife.

That containing the start of each and all, the virtue, the germs of all.

Mar.  Yes, brother, because she is frightened, you know, and Mrs.
6:31 And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the

who should come in, but Elizabeth Martin and her brother!--
cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to
your hearts?  9:5 For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven
Deep scars of thunder had intrenched, and care 
Mr. Grant hastily shut his book, but remarked, with a shrewd glance at

that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.

New politics, new literatures and religions, new inventions and arts.
thereof?  4:12 And I answered again, and said unto him, What be these
   Cask. Doe so: farewell both.
shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and shall
but it was too transient an indulgence of self-amusement to be detected

and I thought well of his daughter--better than she deserved,
   Hor. As I doe liue my honourd Lord 'tis true;
Nor to no Roman else: so tell them Publius
departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he
this evil is upon us; What is thine occupation? and whence comest
among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Abhor to join; and, by imprudence mixed, 
his God upon him.

being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
drink a gallon of the broth himself. The giant drank that up while it
and his own enjoyment.  He soon quitted Bath; and on Mrs Clay's
   Is but a cloud, and like a shady grove.


    full-grown lady-flower, curves upon her with amorous firm legs, takes
was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.
16:5 The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou
15:26 And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did,
19:1 And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent
Mareshah.
more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.


it lasted.)
that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing: 5:6 And he
which you can yourself immediately contradict or confirm.

     "And you mean to say that when Captain Cutler saw that chimpanzee
hateth suretiship is sure.

Baptized that day in many a young man's bloody wounds.
he could not be hid.
to see; yet I began to feel myself mysteriously drawn towards him.
Thy continual workshops, foundries, risen or rising,
the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with

daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's
pleasure.  But now I'll tell you what I am thinking of, Anne, that we
be sanctified in righteousness.
him to deceive himself long; and now he confessed his persuasion,


from the violence that is in their hands.
lame. And his name was Mephibosheth.

carriage, and she trailed her brother's scotcher up and down till she was
The steam-power reaping-machines and the horse-power machines
who never seemed considered by the others as having any interest
"Yes, our good Mrs. Elton.  The most indefatigable, true friend.

28:16 And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the passover of

as dear to her as her own, and a daily intercourse had become
paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face,
who deserved to be made happy!--And left a name behind her that would
44:26 Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake.
'Exactly so,' said Alice.
Thou born to match the gale, (thou art all wings,)
the same Mr. Knightley to her and her father, the same Mr. Knightley

in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:
23:18 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened
degree of gravity and sorrow; tenderness towards the departed,
which were redeemed from the earth.
The indissoluble compacts, riches, mystery,


and sanctum sanctorum of the whale.  Only one sweeter end can readily

series of dissipation for me, I cannot imagine.  And as to my dear
"French beans," "Carrots," "Wallflowers," and such things! Margery could
Building, equipping like a fleet of ships, immortal ships,
by such attractions as are by no means unusual in children


47:7 And thou saidst, I shall be a lady for ever: so that thou didst
was ever given for a general chat, and none at all for
chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched
exceeding richness.  He is the great prize ox of the sea, too fat to
  Lenox. No my Lord

order to afford a place for the blubber of the Dutch whale fleet to
growing steadily better or steadily worse; but they have steadily


24:15 And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold,
sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth.
Whil'st bloody Treason flourish'd ouer vs.
upon any one reasonable object.
speaking sparely and rather low.  But I could not help hearing Ezza
With fixed anchor in his scaly rind, 
hungry; so he ate and ate as he walked along, till at last he stopped,
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural
the body of the man in the brown dressing-gown lay amid his burst
78:39 For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passeth


was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not
they would or no.  She hardly wished to have more leisure for them.
'First Father! called by thee, I come thy guide 
be eaten at all on the third day, it shall not be accepted, neither
     2
in one of them which he thinks--oh! I cannot pretend to remember it,
6:26 And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall, there
"Oh yes; next week."
Into the wild expanse, and through the shock 
your mind?  Subtilize it.
49:11 Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and
26:7 And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the


people of the east.
house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the

saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until
"Sir," continued Hardy, "ever since I have been at school, I never told a
purpose with his crew, you would have seen him go to a locker in the
Meanings, proofs, purities, delicacies, results, promulgations,
as Flambeau protested:  "Yes, yes, I know about the bullet.
Is he some Southwesterner rais'd out-doors? is he Kanadian?
Levites, and say unto them, When ye take of the children of Israel the
than any she had ever passed.  A whole evening of back-gammon with
unto thee.
quite enough that he had certainly led them to the carriages.
faint; like his who has footed it all day.  Feel thy heart,--beats
was human and that it was female.
so quick, from the accidental rencontre, to the dinner at Mr. Green's,

"Oh! yes, I observed it, I assure you.  It was not lost on me.
I will venture to say that _she_ cannot gain by the acquaintance.
'That's right!' shouted the Queen. 'Can you play croquet?'
unwedded mothers die in bearing them: the secret of our paternity
is it that they are your enemies?"
20:24 But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them

myself to any one so completely reserved."
Little Patty did not know anything about Lady Di's sons; but as she was
   Macb. I do forget:
not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this
Let judges and criminals be transposed--let the prison-keepers be
he be praised.
is the thing that puzzles me.  If my boy Philip was at home, maybe, as


years; so brimming life is gulped and gone.  Steward, refill!
     9
future use in its four supplementary stomachs.  The anatomical fact
treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.
God so commanded, and left that command 

I had my fathers Signet in my Purse,

travail.
7:6 For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of
the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray

once or twice at Delaford for a few days, but it has never
A word or two more concerning this matter of the skin or blubber of
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice

Make you to rauell all this matter out,

rather nervously--"I did really.  And it was too dark to see him properly,

taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.
For that O God, be it my latest word, here on my knees,
or an hour before, its interest soon increased; and before their

the bathroom with no more pugnacious purpose than that of washing himself.
I believe the likes of you shall stand or fall with my poems, and
Mrs. Elton began to think she had been wrong in disclaiming so warmly.

38:18 For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.
of both the blacks as Flambeau and Fanshaw bound them.
Go, whither Fate, and inclination strong, 
27:15 For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a
hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal.

of ingratitude and inhumanity; and Anne felt, at some moments,

The grey man touched each one of the ten little fingers, and as he
always inviting one out, and never too hot for exercise.  When he
thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and
Christ.

an inclination for the place as a man who knew it only by description
With variable Obiects, shall expell
labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the
and by relating that she had herself been employed
were beginning to be lit in the cold blue twilight, and they were
Exit the Ghost.
As I walk these broad majestic days of peace,
confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and
the year of their visitation.
If we CAN but put Willoughby out of her head!"
solid whiteness of the snow. But right up against these dreary


thee; 15:17 Then thou shalt take an aul, and thrust it through his ear
prospect of Harriet's welfare, she was really in danger of becoming
happiness!--This would almost make amends for every thing?"
 
8:36 If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free
1:19 If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him,
3:11 Why died I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost
names of the men that make this building?  5:5 But the eye of their
all!' 'Do as I tell you, you coward!' and at last she spread out her
contenting herself with merely giving her husband a gentle
delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.
cordage.

9:6 And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of
good fruit, which he produced in great abundance, did not think of

workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every
or to take water withal out of the pit.
power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that
the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and
fail to throw the same snowy mantle round our phantoms; all ghosts

sprung up after them.
and after a moment's silence, said,

manager of a restaurant.  That is, he spoke with rattling and

felt it to be impossible; that he had not cared, could not care,
19:28 But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the
so surprized; and every body says the same obliging things.  I am



married.
to the deck at the call of the forenoon watch, so soon as I levelled
There was once a farmer who had a fine olive orchard. He was very
of that unfortunate girl"--

they gathered themselves together.
house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou

two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,'
"Mr. Bradith, Colonel.
and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.
want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto
}  A Riddle Song

Of this right hand provoked, since first that tongue, 
number of the twelve.
Rory.  Oh, yes! oh yes! hear ye! hear ye, all manner of men--the election
Israel, and they shall come together out of the land of the north to
Vpon a labouring day, without the signe
4:17 This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by
more," said Frederick, stretching himself at full length upon a sofa.

Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher.

of her death.
    was expected of heaven or fear'd of hell, are now consumed,
portion of fifty, of the persons, of the beeves, of the asses, and of
11:3 Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron;
nearly equal to three tons.  In length, the common sperm whale-line
I, of brute, human; ye, of human, Gods. 

fast. Well, it must be hansom-cabs again if we are to keep him in
in hand."

is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?  9:1 Oh that

Tarlton, sitting in a great tree, shaking the branches:  so I called to
The wild-fowl's notes at night as flying low migrating north or south,
risk of his general character.  He has no feeling for others.

questions of eating and drinking.
that Yarman about now?"
16:3 And goeth down westward to the coast of Japhleti, unto the coast
I did want to call a cabinet council to my assistance, whom could I pitch
Reason in man obscured, or not obeyed, 
and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: 19:26 And
from the dead; 9:8 And of some, that Elias had appeared; and of

men sat down, in number about five thousand.
"Three days ago!" repeated Turnbull.  "When and why did this
She had nothing to wish otherwise, but that the days did not pass

"Where is the young man?" said John Knightley.  "Has he been here

Of despicable foes. With these in troop 
does not wish it.  So I would advise you two, to set off
"That I am sure you would.  Indeed I do you justice, my good friend.
place; for yielding pacifieth great offences.

skirting round the pleasant little bay, which, in the season,

Who (you all know) are Honourable men.
    whether and how,

But from a yet farther seat, partly concealed behind a dwarf tree
on the same errand, that it seemed as if half the company might
That will with due decision make vs know
with them whenever they asked him!  But that would be all over now.--
a loss, quite bewildered to think who could possibly have ordered it--
jellies are all going as fast as yourself.
statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and
That months are vacuums and the ground but wallow and filth.


by saying,
of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I
thee king over Israel?  15:18 And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and


    events, heroes, records of the earth.
16:25 These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time


65:15 And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the
4:19 And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt:

46:7 The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge.
when the great iron sweep-gate opened, and two persons entered
servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell

the chase of whales.
and her being left in solitary grandeur, even supposing the omission

38:7 For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no
brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an
of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall
(A war O soldiers not for itself alone,
of Bethhoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were at the
in it anywhere except down in the Smiling Pool, and that was on the
Therefore for thee the following chants.

grave I caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I
we have been obliged to make large purchases of linen,
Thither, by harpy-footed Furies haled, 
counted stolen with me.
   Bru. Now as you are a Roman tell me true
it with water, and rendered it totally unfit for further service.  Archer
into judgment with thee?  14:4 Who can bring a clean thing out of an
when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall
Her aunt is a good creature, but, as a constant companion,
not let them go?  9:18 Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause
should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.

Egypt from Syrian ground, had general names 

   Macd. Humh: I guesse at it
his sisters again; it rather gave them satisfaction;
come together not for the better, but for the worse.

said William, and he wept bitterly.  The butcher looked aside, and
So clomb this first grand thief into God's fold; 


is totally without.  An unpretending, single-minded, artless girl--
24:17 For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one
which was like touching hot iron, of what Arthur would think of it.
Against temptation: Thou thyself with scorn 
"What's that?" asked Evan, hoarsely.
To take the best of the farmer's farm and the rich man's elegant
3:17 And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and
22:6 If a bird's nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tree,
33:31 And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit
Love without end, and without measure grace, 
when Flambeau abruptly told him he had dropped cigar-ash on his trousers.
118:4 Let them now that fear the LORD say, that his mercy endureth for
Oh! you whose hearts are elated with success, whose bosoms beat high with


stepped into a written comedy.
had heard strange rumbling noises underground; and a peasant and his son,

blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish, and three
no friends; she had wisdom greater than schools can teach; we will not
that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.

in excellent spirits, enjoying the gaiety and the change,
tearlessness of arid skies that never rain; nor the sight of her
entrance to it; so that always had the young and loving healthy wife

Exeunt. Manet Brut. & Cass.


probationary life of the Grand Canal furnishes the sole transition
8:57 The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him
The Needle.

21:31 Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according

Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth thereto.
18:1 The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no
And onward moved embattled:  When behold! 
little doubt that the idea of being preferred by him would have all
looking at her, and trying for a fuller view of her face than it

Here or in heavenly Paradises dwell; 

to satisfy her, remained without any uneasiness.--I was rather
to say, "What business is it of yours?" But she didn't. Then she heard
Riches and talents would, he flattered himself, secure to him that
surrounded by inquisitive anarchists. I cannot betray you, but I
us as the proper seconds.  Seconds--yes, seconds----" and here
lifted me up, and cast me down.
lead?  I seem to have been distressing you for nothing.
   King. Why now you speake
9:1 And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own
'Certainly not!' said Alice indignantly.
The voice of the chairman clove his speech with a cold accent.
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
the reign of Asa.

18:12 And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own

Prudence entirely satisfies the craving and glut of souls,
persecute me: say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.
in the career of vice!  Whether Piedro had power to stop, or whether he
and Anne walked up at the same time, in a sort of desolate tranquillity,
light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abominations

"It's a wonder NOBODY ever thought of the trap-door!" said Townsend.
hundred and ten years old.
the mist, doubtful if ever he shall return."
things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane,
Then rapidly pulling back towards the Pequod, and seeing Ahab leaning
in her father's house, he pleased them all.  He endured too well,
of her feelings, that her success was speedy, and for
15:9 And the king said unto him, Go in peace. So he arose, and went to

king delighteth to honour.
class-conscious part of them without exception," he replied.
hard for me?  32:28 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give
11:10 These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years
The crown and teeming paradise, so far, of time's accumulations,
His danger, and from whom; what enemy, 
wide-open, blue eyes of an almost ethereal honesty.
"here's the only one amongst you who has not uttered one word of reproach
Chapter 9
as death.--THAT was the last, last look I ever had of her;--
Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in

16:22 And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David, I pray thee, stand
119:175 Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy
 Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
36:10 Then read Baruch in the book the words of Jeremiah in the house

Pomfret, if Felix, with a sneer, had not called them CROCODILE TEARS.
But the sweetness of mercy brew'd bitter destruction, and the
rigid or implied, could he be supposed to linger round the lunch
28:10 And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by
Forth reaching to the fruit, she plucked, she eat! 
walked till he came to the little Red Hen's house. The little Red Hen
16:5 And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall
And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the
thine inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which thou hast made for thee
"You think her diffident.  I do not see it."
her to stay longer with us.  She and the children might stay very well."
this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that


and then he cried, with a crow of laughter: "And that's a head
saying, 32:11 Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from
Prevented, spares to tell thee yet by deeds 
medical police.  But of course you haven't heard of all that; in
9:24 Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew
"Never, madam," cried he, affronted in his turn:  "never, I assure you.
cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do good.
34:21 Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon.
14:26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will

the city, and cursed shalt thou be in the field.
with a tribute of a freewill offering of thine hand, which thou shalt
there to a hair, do I.  Is't a riddle?
as was an additional proof of his knowing how to please--
be married.  Ungracious girl!  But I require no such proof.
from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit.
Avith.
The firmament, expanse of liquid, pure, 
he found the candle when he came into the room.  He took up the
He trusted to have seised, and into fraud 
And now reignes heere.
What creatures there inhabit, of what mould 
o' mercy; for not a bit have I had all day, except half a glass of whisky
By Spirits reprobate, and in an hour 
he's my superior, he has his too, if I'm not mistaken.--Aye, aye,
to avail himself of it;) but he had now been a fortnight in Bath,
48:4 For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.
And shew like those you are: You (worthy Vnkle)
saw no such passion, and of course thought nothing of its effects;
And set a double varnish on the fame
God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all
inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her
          be used to convey punctuation intended by the

though New Bedford has of late been gradually monopolising the
"To be sure," said Archer.
darkness, and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD,
of the foregoing things within.  For with little external to

20:7 Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the



"I think, Harriet, since your acquaintance with us, you have been
14:31 But he spake the more vehemently, If I should die with thee, I
To be both will and deed created free; 
seeketh unto him; 14:11 That the house of Israel may go no more astray
Government. It is all folly! The only crime of the Government is
All distances of place however wide,
O wild and loose to my soul--O wondrous singer!
There now, YOU are going to laugh at me too.  But why
of a mother in affection.
that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righteous:
45:21 And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons,
observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess

"That is the question which it would take up a great deal of time to
may be imagined, they parted from Captain and Mrs Harville
but quite out of place, in my opinion, when one is exploring
gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits
after such a warning, I should be the last to encourage
"She shall have it, then; and," continued the gentleman, "I will do
churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of
The event had every promise of happiness for her friend.  Mr. Weston

the house of Saul.
One evening, as they were standing beside her, the little boy said to
9:6 Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit; through deceit they
that for him, went home, and the tailor went in hiding the same as he
too, in the whaler.  While other hulls are loaded down with alien

knowing what she said.  While he was so dull, it was no wonder that
cost me to deprive you of food for so many hours."
then believed ye him not?  20:6 But and if we say, Of men; all the
all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not.
in that suit; that he must, in short, pay you a good round sum for

cold?
of thy youth.

after Patty's sprained ankle, and then he ran on to tell all the news he
For it the revolving cycles truly and steadily roll'd.

provide a few macaroons for her little favourite, who said she was
Mr Elliot looking up with so much respect."
"The earth is His footstool."  It was in vain that he cried with
We pass through Kanada, the North-east, the vast valley of the
particularly if you come of an old established family in the land,
In the Lobby
'Of course it was,' said the Mock Turtle.
know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also
They were both sitting together in Louisa's room.  Louisa was recovering
Lucy.  Oh, then, don't send him away--don't send him away.

4:13 And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of Israel eat
ye?

       They look so quick and white,--

out of our way whatever whales he could reach by short darts, for
Passing the hues and objects of the world,

gave his shoulder.
Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.

them than the beginning.
Then only may these songs reach fruition.
Of choicest flowers a garland, to adorn 

tambourine over base Pip, and hail him General, if he were once more
describes the soul in Purgatory as walking on a plain full of
It's Sunday, and we can't send for vinegar and all that in the town;
6:20 And it came to pass, when they were come into Samaria, that
"Then why are they in your advertisement here?" said Carlo.
my Father, believe me not.
  Clo. Cannot you tell that? euery foole can tell that:
14:4 But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD,
supernatural hand seemed placed in mine.  My arm hung over the


thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.
2:5 And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha,
Old age is always wakeful; as if, the longer linked with life, the
Abolish thy creation, and unmake 

Marianne's lips quivered, and she repeated the word
15:1 And it came to pass after this, that Absalom prepared him

angrily: 'really you are very dull!'
commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the
first.
one of the happiest couples in the world.  They had
can only typify purity as the absence of sex.  You will laugh if I
have caused the owners thereof to lose their life: 31:40 Let thistles

over the imprudence which had hazarded such unsolicited
41:52 And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath
Of you, my Land--your rivers, prairies, States--you, mottled Flag I love,
was going to say necessary thing to be known by men in all stations; and

"So, Miss Anne, Sir Walter and your sister are gone; and what part of Bath

"Well, sir," said Mr. Power, sitting down in Mr. Trueman's elbow-chair,
himself.  He stayed, first, to inform Susan that it was Rose who tied the
us and our children and our cattle with thirst?  17:4 And Moses cried
his house.
On his pale horse: to whom Sin thus began. 
How beggarly appear arguments before a defiant deed!

trial done,' she thought, 'and hand round the refreshments!' But there
day, that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king?
Triumphal with triumphal act have met, 
bountifully with thee.

its sum shall be divided among all of ye!  Away now!--the deck is
are always wanting his opinion.  They seem not able to do any thing

streets of heaven. The poet is always in revolt."
To visit other places, and come downe
thing now hopelessly doomed to be either a corpse or an
was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate;
     The American pressman considered him with more attention.
health to the bones.

therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and
all the day long.
7:15 And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.
1:14 The yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand: they are

rushed in in the last hours of the evening with the announcement
She cared not for Mrs Clay, and had nothing to blush for in
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only know how to begin.'
equally feared to say too much or too little, and sat
evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked; 2:15 Whose ways

whose it was to be at last, and whether he would ever live to spend
One other beautiful story they used to play. It was the story of
1:41 And Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as


42:9 I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I
   Game, or any other dish?
and subdued them: and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the
Speak to the child O bard out of Manhattan,
Out from the patches of briers and blackberries,

dreadful gratitude, Emma made the direct inquiry of--

    withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and
to hear papa invite him to stay dinner, how sorry when he said
for your help," cried Lucy, "for I find there is more
15:29 And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or
13:4 And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean
"If you had seen him, ma'am, last night in the midst of the fire--I'm
The first act was over.  Now she hoped for some beneficial change;

and it would give me such happiness, yes, almost the greatest
What is that little black thing I see there in the white?

have laid up, shall they carry away to the brook of the willows.
    monotonous old song.)
'Serpent!' screamed the Pigeon.
7:14 And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the
With long and tedious havock fabled knights 
will you find more patrician-like houses; parks and gardens more
many days unto this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment
mine indignation.
2:3 And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the
41:18 And it was made with cherubims and palm trees, so that a palm
That I could forget the mockers and insults!
young man leapt over it, stood in front of him, and almost fell
congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the
Nor dost thou, all is a blank before us,
}  Ah Poverties, Wincings, and Sulky Retreats
And may'st be honour'd, being Cato's Sonne
ministry.

The lawyer leaving his office and arming, the judge leaving the court,
    meat of the body,
prepared for such a question, and having no answer ready,
about the doors of convicts' cells being never allowed to be locked
Cities of men with lofty gates and towers, 
right to expect much, and I did not expect much; but I had no
took real skill and strength to keep the line even, and to avoid the
expense while we are here."

to take very kind and proper notice of him.  Why did Mr Elliot draw back?"
28:28 When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish,

so shocked!--Jane and I are both so shocked about the apples!"
it were possible, even the elect.
the road, when he was not looking at it, gave him a vision of the
     "Ah, the ropes," said the expert with a singular intonation.
18:17 Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her
indeed very trifling; and here ended the difficulties of decision.
Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven. 
"Indeed!"

said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem,
so much reason as they had often had to be careless
Guiltless of fire, had formed, or Angels brought. 
and from that moment, I have no doubt, had a double motive
and rather mincing articulation:  `Would it discommode you to contribute
"A man of whom he had always had such reason to think well!
Saul's brethren of Benjamin.
18:19 And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself
symbolizings, this same hue is made the emblem of many touching,
next morning the latter communicated a piece of news
could now be thought or spoken of.--"The best fruit in England--

history, could for the first time behold Father Mapple without the
"and sometimes so much so as to be hardly worth following."
And this empyreal sybstance, cannot fail; 
33:4 For the word of the LORD is right; and all his works are done in
     8
him in a spunging-house, where he was confined for debt;
entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh
"Who's Lightfoot?"
the Sperm Whale when beneath the surface remain, in great part,

of a lover, admired this filial devotion, and yet was irritated by it.
again encouraged, invited, and expected, and again he did not come;
he married, he is one still for there is not the smallest
for their deceit is falsehood.
"You are very good, I hope it won't hurt your eyes--
Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy


You sweaty brooks and dews it shall be you!
9:41 And Abimelech dwelt at Arumah: and Zebul thrust out Gaal and his
the politics of the street, the man with the black moustache had already
"We are sure of excellent fires," continued he, "and every thing

18:24 But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they offer as an
Stubb, looking on from the forecastle.  "That Parsee smells fire like

24:23 And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of
on; and forced to pick up her three far to windward boats--ere going

ever and ever.
been fully described by Brand and other antiquarian writers.
but as for Lucy, she is such a sly little creature,
the enemies of David every one from the face of the earth.
Elinor perfectly understood her, and was forced
each other; and consequently, have all sorts of dear domestic things

Of sweet repast; they satiate, and soon fill, 
CHAPTER III. A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
will give it to thy servant.
boy's.  Something violent, something that was at once love and

34:19 And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb

12:9 And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to
of his unworthiness can do.  Now, though at first she
winter."


There, on the bank beside the little pool, were the heads of three
orders once again; and his mates thanked God the direful madness was
6:31 And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them

rainbowed jet!--that one strivest, this one jettest all in vain!  In

upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of
by his own considerable abilities; and there's no doubt that

to Mrs Croft.

11:33 Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one
21:10 Then said he unto them, Nation shall rise against nation, and

 

Art more ingag'd: Helpe Angels, make assay:
"Let us fly, let us fly!  Old Nick take me if is not Leviathan
shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood:
That one may smile, and smile and be a Villaine;
bowed away from him; while near by, from the arched and overhanging
if he should happen to be in the same part of the room, but he was not;
very glad to have you go; but it seems rather hard that she should be
Black fire and horror shot with equal rage 


was just coming out of her door to pick up a few sticks for firewood. So
Musicke and a Song. Blacke Spirits, &c.
30:9 But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith
the log of oil, and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering
Cleanse the stufft bosome, of that perillous stuffe
driven down a handle that made the machine plunge forward like a
4:22 But I must die in this land, I must not go over Jordan: but ye
This done, Perth was about to begin welding the twelve into one, when
the cannibal, while his horrid flourishings of the tomahawk scattered
And then (they say) no Spirit can walke abroad,

found time to make a very pretty pair, with neat roses, as a present for
throwing the clothes to one side.  He really did this in not only a
a special recommendation.  Not that he will value it as he ought,"
of sight of land, however inland, they have drowned full many a

the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the
He was evidently a young man of considerable taste in reading,
Phaltiel the son of Laish.
his eyes were quite bright, blue, and startled like those of a


to be excused.
assembled: who among them can declare this, and shew us former things?
29:20 I have given him the land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he
18:7 The steps of his strength shall be straitened, and his own


unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went
us.
rare wood, and ornamented with gold and jewels; and it had wonderful


supposed to recommend the other, but from the very first; and she
   Waiting in a hot tureen!


Lord, I have been as busy as a bee ever since dinner!
to speak;--at last, and as if it were rather an effort, he said,
35:2 Take hold of shield and buckler, and stand up for mine help.
As soon, however, as her persecutor turned his back and quitted the
"advertise," but never dared approach it again.  Sir Walter spurned
went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten
swept up the ashes twice, and twice put on wood to make a cheerful blaze
as thou hast said.
the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.
     6
16:13 And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth
Then the King-crab was sent for.
"What a precious deposit!" said he with a tender sigh, as he

2:34 Also in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor
to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the
begun to feel a third kind of fear, more piercing and practical
8:6 And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers
"That's well, and I have a little bit of good news for you besides--

Enter Titinius and Messala.
From penalty, because from death released 
Edward heard with pleasure of Colonel Brandon's
ill-judged solemnity of leave-taking in his graceful acknowledgments,

The contempt which she had, very early in their acquaintance,
}  Halcyon Days
edge of the gardens nearest the mountains. They were hopping from the
on the ground he only replied, "You are too good."
of hope and dulness, "Very well, Mr. Elton, very well indeed.
horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with brass.
despise.  Even her new bonnet, in which she had expected to be so much
Spears have short blades.  And spears catch at the end of the steel
as they did, it is not strange that they had remarked the peculiarity of
to admiration.--She attended to all that Mrs. Jennings

the LORD, be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night, that he
33:14 And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give
he was unlike the writers in the magazines precisely in this--
And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath

Till the foule crimes done in my dayes of Nature


formed part of the grand programme of Providence that was drawn up a
I am sorry you do not happen to know Mrs. Ferrars."
6:11 And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he

himself; and the people, as they opened a passage for him, could not
"'Where are you bound? and for what are you bound?' demanded
28:17 And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief
to whisper to you.
Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.
to walk after me."
To the whale, his tail is the sole means of propulsion.  Scroll-wise
128:1 Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his

    meaning, the main concern,
and in another moment they walked off together, her arm under his,
answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not build
but it must have been.  You would have thrown yourself out of all
    water for miles;

over the edge as they had done and dropped on to the beach. These


vesture of tornadoes.  Yet calm, enticing calm, oh, whale! thou
she would have given it.
to Mrs. John Dashwood--THAT must be recommendation enough
himself, when none else could hear, and had asked him the one question,
         NEAR THE FENDER,

and pleased Lady Middleton at the same time.  Lucy made room

7:9 When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.
satin.
Take the hint, then; and when thou art dead, never bury thyself under
affability in her behaviour as really should seem to say,
the conversation of yesterday.--Harriet submitted, and approved,
pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every

Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden
feeding beside them: 1:15 And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took
wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered.
Romance of the Forest yet.  He was so busy the last time he was
Nor those mysterious parts were then concealed; 
3:28 But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he
     He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me
Jahazah with her suburbs, 21:37 Kedemoth with her suburbs, and
are they not in thy book?


A goodly tree far distant to behold 
Nevertheless, so potent an influence did this thing have on those
could not very well be in love with either of her daughters,
of all that were slain upon the earth.
"Stood our old Sammy off to the northward, to get out of the blazing


Quite from the maine Opinion he held once,

them that heard him; 2:4 God also bearing them witness, both with
What groans of over-fed or half-starv'd who fall sunstruck or in fits,
36:11 And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and


2:19 The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.

dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no
11:17 The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is

    touch'd from,
50:7 And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all

"Good God!" cried Lawrence, "you won't take all.  You said you'd only
time before a thousand, pounds.  Oh, I hope--I fear!  Now, indeed, I know


I will not come to day, tell them so Decius
blood of grapes: 49:12 His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth
of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.

the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and
3:4 And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he
14:16 For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand
that mark was born with him, or whether it was the scar left by some
even in crime.
moral reputation had they in the streets above? What tales were
Clearing the ground for broad humanity, the true America, heir of
that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and
    large sweep-seines, the windlasses on shore work'd by horses, the
16:10 And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the

I have been several times in the garden with Mackenzie,
her not a maid: 22:15 Then shall the father of the damsel, and her

Now could I (Caska) name to thee a man,
He crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face,
but I can give as authentic oral testimony as you can desire, of what
reasonable judgment, as their visit included all the rest of the morning.
Your tribes, and water from the ambrosial fount? 
afternoons, when he came home from business; they could not afford too
learned.
`` She says she has to finish a story '' . He shrugged . `` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' . Casey made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man . His name was George Needham and he , too , had come from a good family . He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave . He was always well groomed and well tailored , and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university . An only child , he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father double-crossed him by dying broke . Since then he had worked at this and that , though some said his main interest was gambling . All this went through Casey's mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all . For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named Barry Jenkins . She had grown up with young Jenkins , and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice . He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now , but he knew he couldn't do so in Needham's presence . And so , still wondering and a little perplexed , he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding . `` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? `` Oh , I've known him quite a while '' . She glanced at her companion fondly . `` Haven't I , George '' ? ? `` I've been after her for years '' , Needham said , `` but I've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days '' . The girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched Casey's hand . `` Can I tell you a secret ? ? We're going to get married . Do you approve '' ? ? Casey kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham , who was eight or ten years older than the girl . He wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Betty's estate to subsidize him . None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . He made a point of frowning , of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor . `` I'll have to give it some thought '' , he said . `` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ? She made a face at him and then she laughed . `` Of course not '' . `` I'll get my references in order '' , Needham said , and though he spoke with a smile , Casey somehow got the idea that he was not particularly amused . `` Stop by any time , Casey '' . He stood up and touched the girl's arm . `` Come on , darling . If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' . Casey watched them go , still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check . As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry . A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car , and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment . Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if Jerry Burton's car was still there . In fact , he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . Only then , when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty , did he remember his earlier problem . Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . Jack : Look in the wastebasket . I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan , and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened . The discarded papers inside were sodden , there was a glint of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct . He put the basket down distastefully , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof . For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself . For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ; then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications jarred him . It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him . The important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket . And that gun was empty . Even before his mind had rounded out the idea , he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver . He considered them with brooding eyes , brows bunched as his brain grappled with the problem and tried to find some solution . He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud . He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them . He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ? How can I find him ? ? There was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room , his imagination out of control . He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense . Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer , whoever he was , in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough . He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton . Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly . `` Yeah '' , he said . `` Casey '' ? ? `` Yeah '' . `` Tony Calenda '' . Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head . When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? ? It still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly . `` What picture '' ? ? He demanded . `` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' . `` Who says so '' ? ? `` One of my boys '' . Casey believed that much . Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand . `` So '' ? ? `` With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldn't want that picture published '' . `` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ? `` I wouldn't even want it to get around '' . Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly . Right now , however , he was still too worried about Jerry Burton , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story Burton had told him , to care too much about Tony Calenda . His nerves were getting a little ragged and his impatience put an edge in his voice . `` Look '' , he said . `` I was hired to take a picture . I took it . That's all I know about it and that's all I care '' . `` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' . `` You tell him '' . `` All right '' , Calenda said , his voice still quiet . `` But I meant what I said , Casey . If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it , I'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you '' . `` You do that '' , Casey said . `` Just be sure to send your two best boys , Tony '' . He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number . He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up . He called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon . When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then , he thought of three other places that were possibilities . Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up . By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down . He had done all he could and that was that . And anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk . He , Casey , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible . He should have stayed here and watched Burton . He didn't . So he made a mistake . So what ? ? He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . Only then did he decide he didn't want one . He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too . Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes . He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again . When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent . `` Casey ? ? You don't know me but I know you . If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can . If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision . For over the years he had received many such calls . Some of them came from people who identified themselves . Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past . Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information . A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony , and , like the police , Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time . He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes , and it took him only three more to reach the corner , a block from Columbus Avenue . It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes . He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned . The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan , its headlights still on .
of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that
the door upon the faith of De Grey's promise--THAT was not giving up.
have guessed that he had any anxiety about a journey; his hands
unpolite, so ungallant a thing!"
you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the LORD.

48:8 And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these?  48:9
stumping up the long avenue of black pine-woods that pointed
kill them all at once, you must wing them, so that they can be
35:23 Stir up thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause,
      'We grind for Frode
will be enough to decide whether I enter your father's house
should not have gone.  He recommended it for all the children,
Israel:) 49:25 Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and
19:8 So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring
Miss Woodhouse and Miss Smith; so kind as to call to hear the
"Over there--behind that hill," said the gasping MacIan.  "He put
So he stepped forward, presenting his halfpenny, offering to toss up with

priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of
to the hermit. Soon the man felt the hermit's eyes; he could not go on
   Lucil. You shall not come to them
1:14 And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of
the cottage at Barton entirely useless, for her mother
story. At last, however, the thick crowd began to thin itself.
And Sister, as the Winds giue Benefit,
which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne.
and I must say that no effects on my side of the argument have yet
   Mac. But wherefore could not I pronounce Amen?
"No," said MacIan, "I am going to jump over the side."
himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on
young lady, a relation of her own, after she had lost one whole GLOBE* of
I speak to him?"
people that shall be born, that he hath done this.
harlequin.
roadside. "Stop, little Gingerbread Boy," said the cow; "I want to eat
father, a most curious way of making a fortune; and I hope it will make
both assiduous in their care of Louisa, but Leonora's want of exertion to
22:3 If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him;
     "Curious," said the dark-haired man thoughtfully.  "What was he like?"

you have been always doing.  It is the worst evil of too yielding
the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in
30:19 And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son.
commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee: 28:46 And they
17:21 He that begetteth a fool doeth it to his sorrow: and the father
turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming;
'How should I know?' said Alice, surprised at her own courage. 'It's no
12:6 And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place
of Henrietta's views should have placed her friend at all in favour
   Hor. Nay, good my Lord

be in time for breakfast. Sunday always insists on an early
they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the
buildings of a farm-yard.
classical engravings of boat hooks, chopping knives, and grapnels;

emetic, and he heaved it up in small tacks, d'ye see.  No possible

shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were
66:23 And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another,
Her second note, which had been written on the morning
Wonderful how I celebrate you and myself
perfectly account for every thing that at first seemed
20:1 Then came the children of Israel, even the whole congregation,
the counsel of Ahithophel both with David and with Absalom.
not adopt the method so judiciously employed by Marianne,
A murmuring, fateful, giant voice, out of the earth and sky,
And fiery-foaming steeds; what stood, recoiled 
as to long to have her as deeply and as happily in love as myself.--
}  My Legacy
How the bright fascinating lambent flames of it, in every age and
When will and reason (reason also is choice) 
of families terrify me, that I kept silence, and went not out of the
The Cloud descended and the Lily bowd her modest head:
he hath purposed in himself: 1:10 That in the dispensation of the
in the opinion of Marianne and her friends, in what language
she never made any bones of hiding in a closet, or behind
them in the ears of the LORD.

GOD: 44:16 They shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come
In the middle of the little garden among the stocks and marigolds
more and more partial to the house and environs--never
which is seldom bestowed till after a ball has ceased to be,

Partaker of influx and efflux I, extoller of hate and conciliation,

First of all, what is it really all about? What is it you object
2:7 And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view

slept with his fathers.
The adverse legions, nor less hideous joined 
days.
Weighing the youthfull Season of the yeare.

So near grows death to life, whate'er death is, 
Sole reigning holds the tyranny of Heaven." 
His pester'd Senses to recoyle, and start,
Lucy.  I've found it!  I've found it!  Here, old man; here's your money--
"Mary is good-natured enough in many respects," said she;
Then, and not till then, did Buster recover his usual good nature.
between them, as well in mind as person.  The same warmth

34:1 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 34:2 Son of man,
you?  12:15 And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of
Such proof, conclude, they then begin to fail. 
own head and heart!--she sat still, she walked about, she tried her
red hair parted in the middle was literally like a woman's, and

prosper in his hand.
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions . And Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record . Every plane that could fly was sent into the air . Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan . Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target . Fleischman with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area , with his main task to get any kamikaze before they got to the ships . Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte . Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . A weapons carrier took Greg , Todman , Belton , Banjo Ferguson , and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip . It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes . No one had much to say . The sky glowered down at them . There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever . The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle . Donovan snatched Greg's chute from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it . His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot . Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before . But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure . `` I've got her as neat as I can '' , Donovan said , as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders . `` But this goddamn climate . It's for carabao not airplanes '' . `` We'll make out . Don't you worry , chief '' , Greg replied , wondering if he himself believed it . `` Yeah . See you '' , Donovan said as he jumped off the wing . The expression was his trade-mark , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return . At the prearranged time , Greg started the engine and taxied out . From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip . He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission . Yet long before the scheduled time for return , Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky . Greg rumbled down the rough metal taxi strip , and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him . The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful . The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small . The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission , and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan . Greg's mission was the last to leave , and as he circled the ships off Tacloban he saw the clouds were dropping down again . To the west , the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes . Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray . Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers . The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it . He possessed the fighter pilot's horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . He shivered in the warm cockpit . The overcast was solid above him . As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didn't close in before they returned . Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle . `` Todman , let's try to go under this stuff . Stay in close and we'll go up the valley '' . `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . Greg took the formation wide around three A-26 attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf . He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain . The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn . It was only a fifteen-minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in . If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . The formation remained perfect . When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out . He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity . Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . `` Somebody beat us to it '' ! ! Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation . Visibility continued to be limited , and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet . It was frustrating . His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights . He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill . But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn . Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . The low clouds made bombing difficult . There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . The accuracy was deplorable . One of Greg's bombs hung up , and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it . Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . With their load of bombs gone , the planes moved swiftly and easily . Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home . Mercifully , it was still open . Like a man making a deep dive , Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley . He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in : `` Sweeneys ! ! Three bogies . Twelve o'clock level '' . Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel . He saw them , specks against the gray , but closing fast . They were headed straight for each other on a collision course . Friend or enemy ? ? The same old question . And only a few seconds to answer it . `` Zeros '' ! ! Todman said excitedly , and hopefully . And then he thought Todman might be right . His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification . He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . If it were the enemy , tactically his position was correct . Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability , American on speed and firepower . His present maximum altitude , up against the overcast , gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages . But it also made him conspicuous to the enemy , if it was the enemy , and he hadn't been spotted already . But the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course . In seconds , Greg made his decision . He pushed the radio button . `` Sweeney Blue , hit the deck . Lots of throttle . Todman , you take the one on the left . I'll take the middle . Belton , the one on the right . If they're Japs . Let's make sure first '' . Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` Rogers '' . The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully . Greg's airspeed indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees . The opposing aircraft continued to come on . They appeared to be the enemy . Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes . There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them . It was a box . But they could turn and escape to the east . Greg pushed the radio button again . `` Todman , drop your second element back . If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces . Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . Even as he said it , Greg knew they had found the enemy . The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight . The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . His hands shook . `` Arm your guns , Sweeneys '' . `` They're Japs . They're Japs '' , came a high-pitched voice . `` Greg to Sweeney Blue . One pass only . No turns . You'll bust your ass in this canyon . That's an order '' . He moved the flights over against one wall . It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery . If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll , but it could be done . Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting . The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around . `` They haven't seen us '' , Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise . `` They haven't seen us '' . He hit the radio button . `` Now , Sweeneys , now . Let's take 'em home '' . He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag . Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him . Perfect , he thought . With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done . Just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board . He tightened his turn . His nose up . It was going to be dangerous . Eight aircraft in this small box . Please , dear God , make my pilots good , he prayed . He took a lead on the enemy , using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another . The enemy did not veer . It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted . Blind fools . Now ! ! Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger . The plane rumbled and slowed . Six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished . As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them . Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered . Luck was with him . His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane . The Jap's propeller flew off in pieces . A large piece of engine cowling vanished . It was all Greg had time to see . His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds . His speed was dropping rapidly . If he spun out now , he would join his opponent on the ground . Wingman , stay clear , he prayed . He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back . He fought the panic of vertigo . He had no idea which was up and which was down . He held the controls where they had been . Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip . His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out .
of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed.
Just.  Yes, yes, yes, child--nonsense! it's all a lie from beginning to
13:6 He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted
home, and which, according to his usual careless habits, he had stuffed
and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.
"'Turn to!  I make no promises, turn to, I say!'
you may learn it, to say for yourselves.
had injured her, how much more had he injured himself;
him?  But we have the mind of Christ.
sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of
cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD, he hath also

on the scalp, and the lawyer's eyes altered, but not his smile.
soldiers, what was become of Peter.
in purity.
lusteth after.
3:21 And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of
three.
meetings having several times descended from heaven by the way of a
For me the man that is proud and feels how it stings to be slighted,
swept his hand across the strings in three great, solemn chords. The
1:18 And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with

   It is eternal winter there.
LORD, that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of
will I gather others to him, beside those that are gathered unto him.
32:5 And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron
5:10 And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man
near the foot of an old pier of unknown date, were the Harvilles settled.
      Merrily,
Colonel began again abruptly--
2:27 Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a stone, Thou hast

29:11 And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.
exulting pursuers, with every apparent symptom of alarm, he had
directions, they sharpened at one end, and nailed them to the ends of
doubloons of Chili, your doubloons of Bolivia, your doubloons of
doubtful. The only thing I can see to do is actually to take
    mountain,
Thou dim, uncertain spectre--bringest thou life or death?
able to indulge so amiable a feeling before, passed suspiciously
Lucillius and Messala stand forth.
works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of
art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.
from the awful impression of its being dissolved.
nothing like the perils of whaling to breed this free and easy sort
It was read here, the whole army paraded, it was read to us here,
heart stirred him up to come unto the work to do it: 36:3 And they
reacheth unto the soul.
in Captain Wentworth, no shyness or reserve; they seemed all

              [Frederick sings, after much preluding.]
at Mrs. Bates's door to offer the use of their carriage,

entirely by the sea.  I do think he had better leave Uppercross entirely,

to--as might be more than a temporary accommodation to

A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms . Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 . In 1922 a continuous registration of the whole indigenous population was instituted by ordinance of the Governor-General , and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered . But specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors . A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time . The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933 . General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) . Tribal authorities , the chiefs and their secretaries , were held responsible for maintaining the registers of indigenous persons within their territories , under the general supervision of district officials . The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics . The regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( fiche ) . The cards , filed by circonscription ( sub-chiefdom , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each territoire ( chiefdom ) . Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children . Additional entries must be made from time to time . Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty . So a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes . Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded . Similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females . Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand . The registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons . The cards of permanent out-migrants are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new residence . Finally , the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions . Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year . In addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population . The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration . The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population . Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population . The scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life . But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population . The sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies . The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers . The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined . So the results are subject to considerable confusion . The system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ; it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . In spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity . But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . The same system , with minor modifications , was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration . Here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods . Before considering more recent activities , we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa . A number of strong independent agencies , established in some cases with governmental or royal support , have conducted large medical , social , educational and research operations in particular parts of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi . The work of Fonds Reine Elisabeth pour l'Assistance Medicale aux Indigenes Du Congo Belge ( FOREAMI ) has special interest with respect to demography . This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville . Each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases . Its findings are reported each year in its Rapport Sur l'activite Pendant annee ( Bruxelles ) . Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas . Other independent , or partially independent agencies , have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to demography . These studies vary widely in scope and precision . L'Institut pour La Recherche Scientifique En Afrique Centrale ( IRSAC ) has sponsored well-designed field investigations and has cooperated closely with the government of Ruanda-Urundi in the development of its official statistics . A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by J. J. Maquet , former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC , now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et Du Ruanda-Urundi . Some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items ( collected by sub-chiefs in 1,100 circumscriptions ) have been tabulated . The results are now being analyzed . Statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs . The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information . However , the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics . A Bureau De La Demographie ( A. Romaniuk , Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo , to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General . Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office . The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V. Neesen , a member of the IRSAC staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory . A member of the IRSAC staff ( E. Van De Walle ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory . The initiation of sampling censuses in Ruanda-Urundi ( 1952 ) and in the Congo ( 1955 - 57 ) were major advances . We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other . The radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements . The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations . However , the differences in procedure are fundamental . These are as follows : ( 1 ) field work procedures . Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) . These teams carried out the same operations successively in different areas . ( 2 ) nature of the sample . Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits . In short , scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling . The populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy . Sample units ( villages in rural areas , houses in cities ) were drawn systematically within these strata . ( 3 ) size of the sample . Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas . About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries . ( 4 ) questions and definitions . Uniform questions , definitions , and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country . Data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( A ) residents , present ; ; ( B ) residents , absent ; ; and ( C ) visitors . In the reports , summary results are given for both the de facto ( A and C ) and de jure ( A and B ) populations ; ; but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) . These changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population . The population registration system still has important functions . It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations . It provides a frame for the sampling census . It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) . It is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years , though the value of these estimates is open to question . Finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values . Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction . The first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period , 1955 - 57 ; ; the results were still being processed in 1959 . It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously . It is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals . Reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles ) . This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables . Other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued . These area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods .
whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal
    haply after battle,
his vessels, and the shewbread, 35:14 The candlestick also for the
     2
The bent of nature; which he thus expressed. 
be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you.
23:33 And when this people, or the prophet, or a priest, shall ask
essential to morals why do you not make it a test for these
11:24 He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the

the ball, has produced to lead or teach mankind.  You would see, I
since you and I have been allowed to work and to play together, than I
was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood.
    bursting,
And I found that every place was a burial-place;
land!"
Where the rattlesnake suns his flabby length on a rock, where the
2:41 Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the
9:9 And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of
God looking forth will trouble all his host, 
Mrs. T.  Poor girl!  My Louisa, YOU did not fall into hysterics, when I


    sweet potato,
The glad clear sound of one's own voice, the merry song, the natural
     38

 

2:2 And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; ye

or Mr Walter Pendragon coming home, and perhaps even the sign of
10:32 And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went
and he sometimes offended when he least expected it.  He had made great
lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand:
Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover
Thus to his only Son foreseeing spake. 



4:1 Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth
immediately, sir.
not avoid the internal suggestion of "Can it really be as my brother
Of Atabalipa; and yet unspoiled 



up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him: every man also
and his voice will we obey.
19:11 Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to
Lady on her vile slanderer.  Now or never.  For the dreadful
in this manner--this is an unsteadiness of character, indeed,
11:13 And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the
As the darkness gathered, the wee boy laid his head on her lap and kept
What the white whale was to Ahab, has been hinted; what, at times, he
Make thy two eyes like Starres, start from their Spheres,
seems to be this.  Mr. Edward Ferrars, the very young
"you have sung quite enough for one evening--now be quiet."
6:16 And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the
98:4 Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all the earth: make a loud
Had not the snaky Sorceress, that sat 

every thing in preparation, the day almost fixed--But I am

sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite:


Thus thou must doe, if thou haue it;
Should not you, Marianne?  Forgive me, if I am very saucy.
10:13 So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against
O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the
was they had not time to come on and see you, but they was
   Por. Brutus is wise, and were he not in health,
LORD chase them.



soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of
Why do you tremble and clutch my hand so convulsively?

mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting

as well as everybody else who was likely to prove

I, who am owing all my happiness to _you_, would not it be horrible
3:10 In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his
obliged to turn from him for a few minutes, and listen to Mr. Cole.
you have borne with them.  The manner, perhaps, may have as little
Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after
Fairfax accepts her civilities and consents to be with her.

he was comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead.


where she stayed till her carriage was set to rights.  She was too much

The morning hours of the Cottage were always later than those
out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his
Just.  (goes on without looking at it).  Nonsense! nonsense! it's no such
the power of dividing two people so tenderly attached
said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve

Louisa.  But as I perceived the lady was out of tune, I was in haste to
followed between the foes and friends of the mysterious fire.
sir, this, you see, is a lease in reversion, which the late Sir Benjamin

He had, very soon after their engagement ceased, got employ:
     my former acquaintance with your family in Devonshire
of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
and kept close from the fowls of the air.
presides over his own private dinner-table of invited guests, that
much that he cried out loud, "Oh, bring the great drum! Make music, so
Are you faithful to things? do you teach what the land and sea, the
36:12 There are the workers of iniquity fallen: they are cast down,
Anne could not have supposed it possible that her first evening in
A book separate, not link'd with the rest nor felt by the intellect,
11:10 And I took my staff, even Beauty, and cut it asunder, that I
"Now," continued Mrs. Theresa, turning to Frederick, as soon as the
And when he was a little way from him, he put his hand in his bag, and
St. Johns , Mich. , April 19 . -- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs. Anna Hengesbach . Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard . Stepson vindicated The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , Vincent Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since . When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said : `` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . Lives on welfare Hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia , 27 miles southwest of here . Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police . He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach . However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial . Charges in doubt Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing . Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure . Locked in motel A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced . The jury foreman , Mrs. Olive Heideman , of rural Elsie , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence . She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid . The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter . The verdict came three hours later . Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week . A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends . While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family , 34220 Viceroy . Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. Mary Pankowski , in the adjoining suburb of Warren . Services tomorrow Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren . The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East . Held candle Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity . Christine's twin sister , Patricia , and Darlene Kowalski , 8 , escaped with minor burns . They are home now with the other Kowalski children , Vicky , 14 ; ; Dennis , 6 ; ; Eleanor , 2 ; ; and Bernardine , 1 . `` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon . Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills . A135 donated Neighbor women , such as Mrs. Sidney Baker , 2269 Serra , Sterling Township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with Kowalski's sister-in-law , Mrs. Anna Kowalski , 22111 David , East Detroit . Another neighbor , Mrs. Frank C. Smith , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs . John C. Houghton , president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners Association , followed that by announcing plans last night for a door-to-door fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family . Students help out Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East . He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station . Vicky Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School , 5155 Fourteen Mile road east . Principal Clayton W. Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. Kowalski . Funds from dances Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for Fuhrmann's 770 students this Friday night . `` Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family , Pohly said . There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o Dequindre , which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine . Expresses thanks Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday . But today he wanted to make a public statement . `` I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family . I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . I'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them '' . An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist . Patrolman George Kimmell , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scripps School , for his assistance in the case . Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk . Gets car number Kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him . Commandeering a passing car , Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic . Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive . Given 15 days He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T. Murphy , who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction . The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June . The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today . Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire . Help asked In Vientiane , the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its `` friends and neighbors '' for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom . Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home . He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire . A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said . Plea for arms The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister Tiao Sopsaisana . He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers . He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens . One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body . A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador Winthrop G. Brown . Heavy support The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched , heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam . The minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near Thakhek , in southern-central Laos . There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources . In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated . Havana , April 19 . -- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as Castro military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair . The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio , where the executions took place . Arms plot charged The broadcast said Anderson , a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman , and McNair , of Miami , were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels . Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it disbanded since the start of Fidel Castro's regime . Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami . McNair , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio , about 35 miles from Havana . Report others held At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup . Among them were a number of newsmen , including Henry Raymont , of United Press International , and Robert Berrellez , of Associated Press . So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails . More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests . Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it . M. Kegham -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 . Today , M. Kegham was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California .
2:8 Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward


and Mr. Churchill."
"Get it all out of her, my dear.  She will tell you
Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
I am the man, I suffer'd, I was there.
righteousness, it sustained him.
it to look at him, but he is bilious--Mr. Cole is very bilious.
for her might very well be conquered by Mr. Elton's admiration.


Which the birds know in the woods mornings and evenings,
generation.
19:18 And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem,
of the very things upon which the success of the voyage most depends.
Of our great quell
mouth.
heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all
destroyers.
"After all," he said, "it is very beautiful!"
one might expect.  This was all sent with the instrument.  Very thoughtful
anything I've seen to-night; and I think you'd make a capital Quaker for
Birth-day of Heaven and Earth; with joy and shout 
was thinking of; and how to save all hands--how to rig
new name.
on high.
with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same

business, I say.
 Holy image I can trace;
do with real nightingales.
woman has ever succeeded in doing before."
any uneasiness about it.  Either bathing has been of the greatest
his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile: 3:11 Let
stay out long; but he has never come back, and now it is almost one.
which was found in the house of the LORD.
Nor, perhaps, will it fail to be eventually perceived, that behind
breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on
"Some of them!  All of them, I think, seem to be wrong, if I can read,"
But in a Syue Ile thither sayle,
Now Emma was obliged to think of the pianoforte; and the remembrance
Why to a publike count I might not go,
Frank Churchill had danced once at Highbury, and longed to dance again;
besides, that we might enquire of him?  18:7 And the king of Israel
songs which she had lent Elizabeth to copy, a letter to herself;
Through the soft evening air enwinding all,
The perfect equality of the female with the male, the fluid movement
In the name of these States and in your and my name, the Past,
useful.
shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?  2:11 And Boaz

5:11 Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain: for the
did I make my supplication.
with a very good grace, for the insertion of the marriage
6:11 But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after
"From whom do you ask it?  To whom do you appeal?" said his
"I am much obliged to you, Mr. Cox, but I have no business at Cork at
all other, and guided them on every side.



which bids fair to connect us with two characters so much superior
in the sight of the LORD thy God, in transgressing his covenant, 17:3



below to their dinner.  Silence reigned over the before tumultuous

Porpoise will yield you one good gallon of good oil.  But the fine
keel, coming from the windward side, pulled round under the stern,

to speak, and another pause succeeded.  This was broken

with you.
Little Joe went off down to the Smiling Pool in a great rage.
absolutely changed.  She seemed to propose shewing no agitation,
                                             (Exit.)
"Some ten days after the French ships sailed, the whale-boat arrived,
THE LITTLE JACKAL AND THE ALLIGATOR
altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give
My hands, my limbs grow nerveless,
Not the perfumes of flowers, but sweeter, and wafted beyond death.
which the LORD your God giveth you.
having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced
Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were
Ere humane Statute purg'd the gentle Weale:
Was't Hamlet wrong'd Laertes? Neuer Hamlet.
To cast thee vp againe? What may this meane?
a crown, or no one would surely have kept it in his pocket upon such an

     Looking around him at the confused and startled group in the hollow,
account of its clotting his clear, sunny complexion; or whether he
  Gent. Since his Maiesty went into the Field, I haue

Bursal (aside to Wheeler).  A pretty electioneerer.  So much the better
and they are they which testify of me.
seem to open in him his own secret golden treasuries, yet did his
probably seen them; but he positively declared that they never came to
  Brut. It must be by his death: and for my part,
your colleague, because I ask you to go into a building and eat a
of her own disappointment which Elinor had sent her,

explanation or inquiry, like a man speaking to an old colleague.
I hear bells, shouts! I pass the crowd, I run!

30:37 And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make
God.

unconscious of what was going forward, walked out of the schoolroom as
for the dignity of the whole body
10:34 And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with
a Swedenborgian."
These are the sons of Joseph after their families.
large creatures, but by no means the largest of that sort, have been
sun is down, he shall come into the camp again.
abundance.
And sheltered round; but all the cataracts 


may hit the mark much nearer than another, but none can hit it with
comparisons were rising in her mind.
exactly what it means; a famous uniform--famous doings.  I remember you
before Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.
    by the hand;
Forthwith the sounds and seas, each creek and bay, 
to prevail, habitually, the silent steersman would watch the
suppose, straining and gasping there with that great iron hook--poor
Portending good, and all her spirits composed 
It was my turn to stand at the foremast-head; and with my shoulders
him more.  He began to suspect him of some double dealing in his
28:11 With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a
yea, she sigheth, and turneth backward.
Nothing new was heard by them, for a day or two afterwards,
so will I gather you in mine anger and in my fury, and I will leave
no means ungenteel or unfashionable.  Their dress was
   Mar. So be it
sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah.
that he hath on every side? thou hast blessed the work of his hands,

which he found, 6:5 Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he
}  A Glimpse
'What there thou seest, fair Creature, is thyself; 
"Why, they'll meet after all!" And with sudden Gallic vivacity
he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards.

threw up a pair of as pretty rainbows as a Christian would wish to
   Bru. Thou hast describ'd

destroy thee from off the face of the earth.

bound him, 18:13 And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in
24:23 Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet
of the sunset that his solitude suddenly ended. The new poet, who
13:13 And Samuel said to Saul, Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast not
with a smile, and a little motion of the head, which expressed,
be a good excuse, and he listened with all his understanding and soul;

Huram.
8:12 Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be
Used to dispense with other lands, incarnating this land,
your joy: for by faith ye stand.
Lazy Lawrence, with a boy in a red jacket, who had a cock under his arm.

that the punishment has created the crime. They believe that if a
discover when they were nigh enough to risk a harpoon from the
it costs us, we are determined to have Susan's favourite hen; so, if one
hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for
to say against it, but that they shall not chuse pleasures for me.--

the house of Israel his companions: 37:17 And join them one to another

of dirt
sculpture, not quite as workmanlike, but as close packed in its
And lovely; never since of serpent-kind 
by Mr. and Mrs. Weston, who were standing to speak to her.


At last, one day he was in such a hurry that he turned the key before


9:50 Then went Abimelech to Thebez, and encamped against Thebez, and
The great assay of Art. But at his touch,
Ministring light prepared, they set and rise; 
gaining upon the ship, than to rejoice that the ship had so
"She seems bothered by the queer tower just as we were."
to each other; and the belief of it created no other surprise
his life shall be grievous unto him.
their shaggy watch coats, and with their heads muffled in woollen
that accidentally hearing--(it was just as he had foretold,
Elinor thought it wisest to make no answer to this,
her companions.  "No, to be sure," said they; "that's all fair."
and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.
purification be given them: 2:4 And let the maiden which pleaseth the

How first this world and face of things began, 
insignificant bit of black wood?  Impossible!  But what is
It was by such hasty and unguarded expressions as these that Cecilia
most gratifying to me.  She thinks nobody equal to him."
Outbidding at the start the old cautious hucksters,

and by the means of this continual though gentle vent,

and poising a harpoon, pronounced himself fit for a fight.
no one in particular."
leg you would not catch me in a boat, unless maybe to stop the
lay by a considerable sum from the produce of an estate
have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.
Bend your proud neck low for once, young Libertad.
11:14 And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of
  Br. A Sooth-sayer bids you beware the Ides of March
I pull the wicker pots up slantingly, the dark green lobsters are
5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.
reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared.
perch; MacIan remained standing, but Turnbull threw himself
And he put his hand upon it: and Elisha put his hands upon the king's
Beneath Magellan.  At that tasted fruit 
conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on his head: for the

skin; 13:33 He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and

3:17 Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be
Darkens the streets, then wander forth the sons 
All the Conspirators saue onely hee,

going about this hour past, that you have gone in a huff, and given your
Fair Angel, thy desire, which tends to know 
For where there is aduantage to be giuen,
harpoon, cried out in some such way as this:--
Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Tharshish, bringing gold,
virginity is not inappropriate; for, as it grew larger and larger
The Gospel According to Saint Matthew
60:11 Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.
his heart to this also.

Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen
of the morning had induced him to walk forward, and leave his
Ever the hard unsunk ground,
Mrs. Theresa instantly rang the bell, in spite of all expostulation--
(Exeunt.)
it of his neighbour, or of his brother; because it is called the

I understand she is a woman of very good fortune.

scruple of stirring in this business?"
and elbow of sand; all beach, without a background.  There is more

race. But the head upon that bounding body was still pale, grave
there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what
them be, sir."
Elinor began to find this impertinence too much for
Accursed, of blessed? hide me from the face 
Anne felt the utter impossibility, from her knowledge of his mind,
Louisa.  They are chairing him.
18:13 Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king
was quiet and unobtrusive, and she liked him for it.

24:19 And Joshua said unto the people, Ye cannot serve the LORD: for
to the Admiral, as a model of good breeding.
"Thou liest!" smiting him with his clenched fist.  "Heading East at
Anne could combat.  Young and gentle as she was, it might yet
10:8 And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets;
any one must have noticed that all the fish familiar to landsmen have
along with its best friend, and take care it does not get into a scrape;-
Of pleasure situate in hill and dale,) 
enjoyment to her valued friend; and to see Marianne settled at
other, and MacIan had an irrational feeling of being in a picture
saw but a few disordered joints; and in place of the weighty and
meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram,

All the seamen and the landsmen, all the masters with their slaves,
she had resolved at one-and-twenty to complete the sacrifice,
1:9 I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation,

How dangerous is it that this man goes loose:
great pride of Jerusalem.
he's a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew."
by the Spirit of the LORD.

"I am perfectly satisfied of both."
9:7 Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst the LORD thy God to
fool; and it was absolutely impossible to make her believe that a candle,
Re-enter Heaven; or else in some mild zone 

Made passive both, had serv'd necessity, 
I haue some Rites of memory in this Kingdome,

Maeotis, up beyond the river Ob; 
139:7 Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from
Ended, rejoicing in their matchless Chief: 
she leans over to the whale, while every gasping heave of the
thee from the chief men thereof, and said unto thee, Thou art my

We really seem quite the fashion.  If this is living in the country,
of good fortune.'--Those were Miss Woodhouse's words, were they?--
him.
2:5 Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his
she confined herself to the brief repetition of such

110:7 He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift
have remembered something impo'tant and has gone to attend to it in a
    content to the ground,
Light though thou be, thou leapest out of darkness; but I am darkness

Ah more than any priest O soul we too believe in God,
15:18 And it came to pass, as she came unto him, that she moved him to
strolled unobtrusively towards him, the priest took an equally
was calm, not open to provocation, and he never wished



a place.
The organs of her fancy, and with them forge 
that cook bought him new shirts; but they are to the good, as I tell
It's the waves--the snow's caps turn to jig it now.  They'll shake
all that were before him.
on the stone passage so that it rang.
the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the
She followed another carriage to Mr. Cole's door; and was pleased
commandments, or no.
The Lists, and full proportions are all made
11:6 And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt,
"In 40 degrees south, we saw Spermacetti Whales, but did not take any
"There go flukes!" was now the cry from Tashtego; and the whales

13:24 And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him:
will go to her presently, for I am sure she will not

with a folly which no tongue could express, prevented her marrying
closed the speech, and the door had soon shut out Frank Churchill.

one of the cushioned seats like a throne.  But at this open appeal to
forgotten.
1:18 How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed,
9:24 And the cook took up the shoulder, and that which was upon it,
Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the
so attentive to me.  Henrietta asked him what he thought of you,


Me from attempting. Wherefore do I assume 

may have fifteen thousand miles, and more, to sail ere reaching her
"No," said another, "the horse is really not so successful; the turn of
sorry to miss seeing you, Miss Woodhouse, but your kindness will
not the honour that cometh from God only?  5:45 Do not think that I

than an old wife's knitting needle.  But in either case, the needle

Hyperions curles, the front of Ioue himselfe,

This presence knowes,
sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: 18:4 Let a little
That thou so many Princes, at a shoote,
I warned her brother that she might be in peril; I said nothing
I announce a race of splendid and savage old men.
habitually to his good luck.  After being idle for a whole day, he would
Were the grac'd person of our Banquo present:




strange and terrible old men keeping a cruel secret from mankind.
left, he plunged them into the water, and returned with them in safety
Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.

coward!  Tell them he jumped from a whale-boat!  I'd never beat my
9:16 And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?  9:17 And
settled that Jane should go.  Quite a surprize to me!  I had not

People came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it . The room filled with smoke , and Maggie's head throbbed with excitement and fatigue , but Stuart had such a happy , earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie couldn't bear to do anything to quench it . Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery . In two months she became a fat highly social baby , with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head . She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food ; ; she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her . She was so heavy that Maggie's arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her . Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ; there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating . Worry had a great deal to do with it ; ; Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him . Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap . Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more . In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon : `` Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money , so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things '' ? ? `` It seems to me you have enough to do as it is '' , Eugenia said . She had been watching Maggie go from the washing machine to the baby to the stove and back again . `` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said . `` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with Grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' . `` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . `` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' . `` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . Maggie said . She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck . `` She'll be just as beautiful in something that doesn't have to be ironed '' , Eugenia said . `` Evadna Mae Evans said she didn't put a thing on her child but a flannel wrapper until it was nine months old '' . `` Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Best's Liliputian Bazaar in New York , and I'm sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans '' . `` Well now , Maggie , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said . `` I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible '' . `` I'm sorry . I do seem to snap at everybody these days , but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' . `` Well , let's see . Let's make a list of your assets '' . Maggie started laughing , and she laughed so hard she couldn't stop , and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining . When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures . `` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said . `` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that '' . `` What else '' ? ? `` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . `` Every woman in the block has tried that '' . `` What about a tea room , then ? ? You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' . `` It's too elaborate . And Grandma isn't strong enough to take on something like that , and to tell you the truth neither am I '' . Eugenia sighed . She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' . `` Oh , I'm sure I could do that '' , Maggie said . `` But it really wouldn't be fair , taking your jobs away from you '' . `` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . Maggie was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it . `` And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it , and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time . And I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I'm doing the washing '' . `` What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything '' ? ? Maggie laughed . She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish '' `` What '' ? ? `` I wish I had three wishes '' , Maggie said . `` All of them for you '' . It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people . The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days . The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ; it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources . The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies . There weren't facilities to take care of them ; ; there never had been a need felt for such facilities . That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by discriminatory freight rates . The East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression , dragging the west along ; ; and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay . The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything . Shivering , people talked and argued ; ; all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow , but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done . Something had to be done ; ; it was the theme song of millions of American people , their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government . Something had to be done . The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day . Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day . Just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster . The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold . Cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up , under doors , around loosened window frames , from the sleeping porches , the attic , from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof . Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandma's room . It was so cold and so wretched that a sort of desperate gaiety infected all of them , like people stormbound or shipwrecked or caught in some other freak of circumstance so that time stood still and minor anxieties fell away and the only important thing was to cling together and survive . The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms . They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; they moved Maggie's bed and the baby's basket there , and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds . Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days , and it was the way people ought to live , only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to . `` You said a mouthful '' , Eugenia said grimly . Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything , and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin . She said to Maggie that it was one thing to meet an emergency and another to wallow in it , and it was beginning to look at if this one was going to last forever . `` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' . `` Plenty of people haven't our brains and talent '' . `` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said . `` You're working up to something , and if you don't watch out you'll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the Abernathy family is superior to everything , even a depression '' . `` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said . They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way . She didn't want to be the only one with a stove in her room , especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway , and she insisted that Hope have the heater . Hope wouldn't hear of it , and she took the heater back to Grandma's room , and Grandma took it back to Hope's room , and the two of them dragged it back and forth until Grandma tipped it over and almost set her bedspread on fire . She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it . Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if Grandma wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so Grandma had to give in .

daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering.

2:4 For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down

Give me the shores and wharves heavy-fringed with black ships!
exceptionally reticent and religious girl, and secondly, because
full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the
things: and they derided him.
6:8 The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of
attention, heard along the road that indescribable thrill and
Among the sons of morn, what multitudes 

  Hor. While one with moderate hast might tell a hundred
private room till death.  He had felt a high fit of pride and

15:16 Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto

It to eventuate in thee--the essence of the by-gone time contain'd in thee,

ordered Christopher to send up the other chimney-sweeper--triumphed in
Amen, and praised the LORD. And the people did according to this

be afraid of his own shadow too, by this light, he is such a coward!  And
now to the rebellious house, Know ye not what these things mean?  tell
7:6 Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your
crowning attribute of the terrible.  From its snowy aspect, the
17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they
ruin be under thy hand: 3:7 In that day shall he swear, saying, I will
19:18 And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five
Harriet exactly; it will be an `Exactly so,' as he says himself;
   And Jealousy a human face;
 And the grasshopper laughs in the merry scene,
The shapes arise!
a pestilence had swept through the city. Then he told himself that
Of living creatures, new to sight, and strange 

1:21 And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that
with your character than you are aware of."
Syme had jumped down on the other side, but he still stood
I wish you may not be drawn in by your intimacy with the sisters,
Touched only; that our trial, when least sought, 
nor ever entered without knocking at the door, yet it was his fate once
and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel.
ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark, every man in the
mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
and regard, but by the tenderness of the past.  Yes, some share of
they were very bad wrong things, and such as did me no service.--

the king hath set up: 3:6 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth
Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls,
cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts.
winter.


unconditionally reiterating his command; meanwhile advancing upon the
Endued with human voice and human sense, 
anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the

                        Enter TALBOT.
water, as the vast mass revolves like a tread-mill beneath him.  On
such indignation.  He was one of those with whom Piedro got acquainted
blow her homeward; seeks all the lashed sea's landlessness again; for
Now Heaven in all her glory shone, and rolled 
I charge that there be no theory or school founded out of me,
endureth throughout all generations.
of being so nervous, so overcome by such a trifle; but so it was,
7:26 Mischief shall come upon mischief, and rumour shall be upon

And where 'tis so, th' Offenders scourge is weigh'd
for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you,
    bloody stump,
crazy man.  But stop, tell me your name, will you?"

The little Country Mouse was glad to do this, and after a while he went
for her to feel.  Emma spoke for her.
of Israel.
38:13 So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him up out of the
The wife, and she is not one jot less than the husband,

all with the information of the ground being covered with snow,

their corn and their wine increased.
86:6 Give ear, O LORD, unto my prayer; and attend to the voice of my
Showghes, Water-Rugs, and Demy-Wolues are clipt
the amends in her power, by helping them to large slices of cake
not borrow.
Not those, but as I pass O Manhattan, your frequent and swift flash
39:43 And Moses did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done



should not be bad; the more glaring and disgusting any loudness,
'Tis but indifferent architecture to make a blind dome; here's one.
The Heart-ake, and the thousand Naturall shockes
He had done his duty and could return to his son.
LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.
cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of
[Illustration: "Here's your trout, Mr. Otter," said he. _Page 5._]

our fathers.
"In not one of all my clever replies, my delicate negatives,
chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee
to his comfort; and feeling that, unmerited as might be the degree

2:4 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the

Of the look at first of the mortally wounded, (of that indescribable look,)
with the truth:
Adam and Eve appear, then their myriad progeny after them,
A Squeeze of the Hand.
cock-a-doo-dle-doo. So he was a cock-a-doo-dle-doo. And he wanted to fly

prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah.

21:2 And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two
the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of
34:24 And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went
Hymen, then first to marriage rites invoked: 
a disposition to hope for good, which no inheritance of houses

"The Churchills are very likely in fault," said Mr. Knightley,
thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.
5:33 And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often,
16:30 How weak is thine heart, saith the LORD GOD, seeing thou doest
to make him king.
strokes.


fitted up--a couple of hundred pounds, Willoughby says,
places plain: 40:5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and
three days' old Congo baby.  Remembering the embalmed head, at first
anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring
About midnight that steak was cut and cooked; and lighted by two
cogitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I
a weakened stomach, and a general nervous faintness.
40:32 And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he
48:10 According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of

with as abrupt an agility, caught one of the beams of the cross
It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town . Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place . It was a very tempting offer . My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother , who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even Alfred Alpert . In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother , Lew . I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other . Everything was all very friendly , except when it came to Harry , the youngest brother . Alfred , who was a good deal older than Harry , had treated him like a son , and when Harry decided to stay in business with Lew instead of going with Alfred , Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal . From that day on he never spoke to Harry or to Lew , or to Lew's two boys , Mort and Jimmy . The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers . Time went on and everybody got older . I became fifteen , sixteen , then twenty , and still Tessie Alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair , and Alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes . It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they didn't know each other . They were like two strangers . The store was their marriage , and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together . Tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on . And when Alfred was forced into his bed , Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair . Tessie could do nothing for Alfred . She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable . Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her . Spring was life -- and Alfred Alpert in his sickroom was death . Alfred knew that , too . I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't . Alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage . My father , who liked Alfred very much , was a constant visitor . One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me . My father , a wise man , asked him not to . He knew Alfred liked me ; ; if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else . By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor , my father told him , and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit . He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and Alfred understood . Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home . The doctor wanted him in a hospital ; ; the nearest one was forty miles away in Kingston . The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime . He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi . Meltzer knew why I had come for him . Solemnly he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us . He entered the house in silence , walked into Alfred's room , and closed the door behind him . I sat down to wait , and I watched Tessie Alpert , who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window . For a few minutes there was nothing to hear . Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint , punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation . There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer -- it was the end of a life , the end of hope , and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning . Meltzer stayed with Alfred , and when the door opened they both came out . Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital . The car was waiting for him . Alfred , leaning on Meltzer , stopped for a minute to look at Tessie . She didn't turn away from the window . Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door . Outside , his brother Harry was waiting for him -- he had come to say good-bye . Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car . Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak . Alfred looked straight ahead . The car began to move and Harry ran after it crying , `` Alfred ! ! Alfred ! ! Speak to me '' . But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead . Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston . He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight . I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times . The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital . I don't think he ever got to drink any of it . The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ? -- it evaporated , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert . 12 `` where is it written '' ? ? Mr. Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher . Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family . He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia . He was a learned man and a very gentle soul . He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud . He knew the whyfores and the wherefores but he was weak , very weak , on the therefores . Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live . So Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks , who supplied the town and the hotels with meat . Banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son . The daughter , Lilly , was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other . They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking . Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father , a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade . He treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt ; ; perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks . Lilly Banks and I became friends . She was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home , a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father . And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr. Banks . Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes . For every rude word of Mr. Banks's the family had five in apology . Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly . I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened . She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders . When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find . I helped Lilly in the store . To me it was a game , to her it was the deadly seriousness of life . I wanted to help so that we could find time to play . And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape . When the work was finished , we would walk . The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream . It ran north , away from the town and the people , through woods and past the nothingness of a graveyard . Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk . I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road . It wasn't hard to understand . To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl . To people who didn't know her she was a gawky , badly dressed kid whose arms were too long , whose legs were a little too bony . She had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street . And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked . It was unexpected , unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down , down , and her mark of friendship was to look into your face . I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness ; ; childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins . We were almost the same age , she was fifteen , I was twelve , and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary . When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while . Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream . Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby . He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language . The song , he said , was called `` The Stream's Lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` Gute ruh , Gute ruh , Mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me . Later , when I was older , I found the song was part of Schubert's Die Schone Mullerin . And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand . The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society , a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world . I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from .

For thither he assembled all his train, 
"I have got such a favour to ask of you and your sister.
who are bound to break through in any case.  You will permit me
had so long maintained its credit and been able to negotiate with
then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered

You must not take for fire. For this time Daughter,
5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time
that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name.



Here is adhesiveness, it is not previously fashion'd, it is apropos;
Is oftest yours, the latter most is ours, 
the Philistine of Gath, Goliath by name, out of the armies of the
'It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; 'in fact, there's
    bright sword in thy hand,
2:22 And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land
that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have
Now, as the lightning rod to a spire on shore is intended to carry
And yet the eighth appeares, who beares a glasse,
a coincidence; "and Mr. Turnbull, too.  Why, I want to speak to
convey her to Bath herself after Christmas; but having engagements

same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving
This is the reason why most dyspeptic religionists cherish such
running, he was obliged to give up to rest himself, and sat down upon the
Reference was made to the historical story of Jonah and the whale in

27:8 As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that
bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or
fathers hath promised thee.
109:5 And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
earning his bread that he knew.
is a sinner.
until I slid into the subject of the Duke of Exmoor and his ancestry.
sense, it is no wonder they are always persuaded by those who talk
Persians, which altereth not.
And along the shores, in mire (now fill'd over) came again and
From Father to his Son? strange point and new! 
everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all
Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, 'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
"How d'ye do?--how d'ye do?--We have been sitting with your father--

"Life, yes, Life is indeed sacred!" he cried; "but new lives for
  Ang. Who was the Thane, liues yet,
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
Nor you alone ye facts of modern science,


the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be
he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his
To her, the ideal woman, practical, spiritual, of all of earth,

Now it flows unto us, we are rightly charged.
answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which
owne part, it was Greeke to me. I could tell you more
All waits for the right voices;
like a whirlwind over the sand ridge in a straight line and at a

Jew sitting at the king's gate.
said unto him, Thus saith Benhadad, 20:3 Thy silver and thy gold is

Fear the mellow sweet, the sucking of honey--juice,
once Daggoo, seized with a sudden humor, assisted Dough-Boy's memory
Of a free and original life there, of simple diet and clean and
enquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain,
Myself and this contentious soul of mine,
Together they lived, and worked, and helped the poor. And when, after
thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them.
"Yes you are, my boy, and so is the cause of you," said the
5:10 But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal
I am more than nurse, more than parent or neighbor,
him.
They showed merely the feet or fringes of some huge and empty architecture.
maybe, to a worse place, did he but know I was condescending to make this
foundering down to the fiery pit, Captain Peleg."
the son of Malchiah.
on a short acquaintance, and rued it all the rest of his life!"
    they roll him, swing him, turn him,
31:10 And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him,
assumed a good-humoured gravity.
The beast outstripped the cabs. They lost him round several

are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud.
"Comrade Gregory," he said, "I suppose this man is a delegate?"
the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes,
Stick your hands in your pockets, Jonathan--you are a made man from

all the rest had been mere applications for money.

The schools composing none but young and vigorous males, previously
of harm's way, as laborers do in blasting rocks.
windward, all is blackness of doom; but to leeward, homeward--I see
arise in your hearts?  24:39 Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I
12:15 And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the
was sure Louisa had got a much better somewhere, and nothing could
Of this our native Heaven, ethereal sons. 
to prosper.
"Perhaps," said Marianne, "I may consider it

LORD, which he spake to Elijah.

was her godmother, proceeded to the dressing room.  "Now I am sure,"

saith, I pray thee, let me live. And he said, Is he yet alive? he is
choice punch in the spread of his spout-hole there, and from that
Streams of lava run down the sides of the mountains during the time of an



thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof.
snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God.
Of mine owne eyes
Like Syllable of Dolour
nearly gone that, by spring, they were living partly on roots, dug from

should not have a little pleasure, because Miss Dashwood
will go also.

Some half-hid in Oregon, or away southward in Texas,
daily purpose on the upper part of his ivory leg.  From his complete
And who has lavish'd all? for I lavish constantly the best I have,

Either of them would, in all probability, make him an affectionate,

19:47 And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the

none of them any more there.
Of your meere Owne. All these are portable,

Mar.  Patties, sir; oyster patties.

not to touch him, or be noticed by him, he yet drew near to him, and
him out.  If he had said it of my wife, you English would
7:4 And with them, by their generations, after the house of their
the people.
incense and sacrificed unto their gods.
Fit to decide the empire of great Heaven. 
than in his superlative sense and shrewdness in foreseeing that, for
that send unto thee?  22:22 Rob not the poor, because he is poor:

Sihon king of the Amorites.

Enter King, Rosincrance, and Guildensterne.
the house of Judah by taking vengeance, and hath greatly offended, and
is pleased to say, am very entertaining already,) and she only
4:12 And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye
day of the LORD's anger come upon you.
    with his axe,


emerge into the China seas.
139:19 Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me
of bread and vineyards.
of a place which affection had established as perfect with him.
been lately shedding?  To be in company, nicely dressed herself
over.  Besides, it was getting late, and my decent harpooneer ought

to give his opinion on any picture; but he has an innate
known; in wrath remember mercy.
like a white billiard-ball.  I was told that there were still smaller
word:
The liues of many, the cease of Maiestie
Sparkled in all their eyes: with full assent 
2:6 But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and
before him. The hermit bowed before the messenger with great gladness,
12:10 Many pastors have destroyed my vineyard, they have trodden my
our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his
to the ground, and turning to the rest, with eyes sparkling with
16:2 Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the
out: "Aye, aye! and I'll chase him round Good Hope, and round the
13:25 And Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz took again out of the hand of
   Banq. All's well.
With the Fourth-month eve at sundown, and the gray smoke lucid and bright,
sealing wax, began carefully to examine the knot, and then to untie it.
Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a
32:11 For thus saith the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon
Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in
temporary gloom at night, the return of day will hardly fail
"Well, I always shall think that you play quite as well as she does,
according to these judgments: 35:25 And the congregation shall deliver
11:43 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing
102:16 When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his
hill."
O Hell! what do mine eyes with grief behold! 

From the armoury of God; where stand of old 
But he never composed anything in the form of fiction, unless it be
And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had

immeasurable bravadoes the White Whale tossed himself salmon-like to
His son, too well bred to hear the hint, rose immediately also,
car's going like a snail."
another branch, a knop and a flower: so throughout the six branches
12:4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did
What justly thou hast lost, nor set thy heart, 
"I think very differently," answered Elizabeth, shortly;
from rain.
superior to Leonora, than have my esteem, my confidence, and my
4:24 Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants;
    continents, and fallen down there, for reasons,
from Ireland was again delayed, and August, instead of Midsummer,
So runnes against all reason
precious and more delightful than the day before!--every day making
Faithful hath been your warfare, and of God 
1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be
19:18 He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder,

shall do well. Fare ye well.
The young man with the round face looked down for a little while

men is the grey head.
our father, and one is not.
If our colors are struck and the fighting done?
and she read it with a degree of pleasure and admiration which made
TAHITAN SAILOR.
body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God

the driving water from his hose into the heart of the red patch.

As a wheel on its axis turns, this book unwitting to itself,
In the saline air from the sea in the Mendocino country,

footsteps coming towards him, he changed his hand and played one of his
Zebul his officer? serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for
Thee, Thee at least I know.
9:25 And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses
16:4 And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the
recompences for the controversy of Zion.

Jesus made a surety of a better testament.
Your wife has a claim to your politeness, to your respect,

It's manifestly absurd to say that Hirsch can have made a mistake
house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and


   Ham. How comes it? doe they grow rusty?
a nervous seizure, which had lasted some hours--and he had quite given
'Here, happy creature, fair angelick Eve! 
should have employed a careless friend, and if it should prove
what happened was this."  He paused a moment to drain the greater part
6:4 And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring

4:7 Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all
company to another; 'I fear our sailor friend runs risk of the
did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know: 2:23 Him,
as you must perceive, and I am sure I was in the greatest
5:12 And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine,
All whaleboats carry certain curious contrivances, originally
events.
9:43 And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to
22:3 And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors
O you hard hearts, you cruell men of Rome,
It isn't written in red ink, but in ordinary black ink.
Egyptians.
his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave.
 Seeking to drive their thirst away,
10:2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that
should be easy."
But with the aid of vse
and affrights, did these inscrutable creatures at the centre freely
the mighty.
26:1 Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine
determined her to wait till she might be safe from such a companion.
letters which were cut upon their edge, they said that the millstones
just come over the wall."
feature of not being an island at all.  A long, curving neck of
    day, for all its names.)
3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
     "It's like Kew Gardens on Beachy Head," said Ethel.
loveth his wife loveth himself.
Eight bells there below!  Tumble up!
to spring forth?  38:28 Hath the rain a father? or who hath begotten

Of halfe that worth, as those your Swords; made rich
again from Gibeon: 41:17 And they departed, and dwelt in the
In that place they dined and slept, both very thoroughly. The
the corner of the road behind the small, smart figure of
and there was a Mrs Wallis, at present known only to them by description,
Then he turned to the fuming specialist.
149:5 Let the saints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon

As with the Hawaiian savage, so with the white sailor-savage.  With


It was a sight full of quick wonder and awe!  The vast swells of the


  Macb. Sweet Remembrancer:
neglect to heave the log; though at the same time, and frequently

If it was not for the drawback of her illness--but I am afraid
Just back from the rock-bound shore and the caves,
separation: it is a purification for sin.
and black against the broadening light, there stood one of those
"Oh! thou clear spirit of clear fire, whom on these seas I as Persian
14:3 Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a
skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all.
all.
  Sooth. That I haue Lady, if it will please Caesar

compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a
darkness; 29:4 As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of
handfuls.
crouching and fantastic trees that are first signals of the sea.
of the curricle was to be seen issuing from the door amidst the bows

and come."
eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when

greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the
as for me, all the start I have to meet it, is just across the deck

O the joy of the strong-brawn'd fighter, towering in the arena in


return of Leonora's friendship; it will be more valuable to me than even
These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the

sharp and narrow as the shaft of artificial light at the theatre.
the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were
mould of every outer movement.
put the incense upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the
24:55 And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with
the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and
his existence; only a few of them, comparatively, had knowingly seen
with peace? turn thee behind me. And the watchman told, saying, The
thereof, to one ring: thus he did to both of them in both the corners.
George would not even be grotesque. So this inhuman landscape was
brittle; the sky against which its strict horizon hung was almost
be tried out, without being taken home to Holland for that purpose.
length--Rope Walks and Thames Tunnels of Whales!  And even in the
begat Josias; 1:11 And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about
city Rehoboth, and Calah, 10:12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah:
10:21 And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all

ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must

47:6 And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he
 He shall follow his sheep all the day,

shambling along from his galley, for, like many old blacks, there was
But more refined, more spiritous, and pure, 
threw out his arms and legs, gave himself a good stretching, yawned
took a seat as far from him as she could, and maintained
3:12 There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the
4:28 Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.
But heere, vpon this Banke and Schoole of time,

  Polon. That I did my Lord, and was accounted a good
31:24 And there shall dwell in Judah itself, and in all the cities

I know her greatness of soul, there would not be music enough

oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering.
Sat Horrour plumed; nor wanted in his grasp 
erections, how few are domed like St. Peter's! of creatures, how few
Then with light fingers I from the face of the nearest the first


    trowels striking the bricks,
evening, and, passing by the arbour where Cecilia lay, she started.
"Why did you shoulder your lance?" said the king.
know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding;
is the figure of him that was to come.

1:6 And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a

11:8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city,
If answerable style I can obtain 
42:11 And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers
34:14 I will feed them in a good pasture, and upon the high mountains
or not in the habit of judging, following the lead of Miss Bates's
notion of the President, for his notions grow like a tropical
Ten o'clock at night, the full moon well up, our leaks on the gain,
combined and simultaneous industry of almost the entire ship's
passed by.
no risks.  Why does not Perry see her?"
Fight the thing that you fear. You remember the old tale of the
"Faith?  What's that?"
there was no one to be seen. Everything was still save for the laughter
     An' off he started all alone,
he had pretty little pink and white candles in his arms; but last, and
possess it.
A prophecy and indirection, a thought impalpable to breathe as air,

They had sung together once or twice, it appeared, at Weymouth.
Our frailty can sustain, thy tidings bring, 
from it the best of it: neither shall ye pollute the holy things of
She was, moreover, perpetually hearing about him; for, excepting when
come upon you all at once.  Have it in mind that to-morrow's fair day,
Corn, wine, and oil; and, from the herd or flock, 

17:3 And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to
that as I find your son, so I shall judge of him.--I am no flatterer."


The husky voices of the two or three officers yet fit for duty,

in detail upon some few interior structural features.  But to a large
5:5 And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost:

and anguish, from whence come the young and old lion, the viper and

just to my enemy."
that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers,
pocket he would naturally feel exquisitely good. These I call the

that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth.
heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a
his reign.
noise dare.  You hear?  Stop dat dam smackin' ob de lips!  Massa
in my opinion, as his father thinks.  It depends entirely upon
Moses, and one for Elias.
Lawrence was eventually sent to Bridewell for a month, and the stable-boy
    here in every leaf;)
lived on earth."
Stubb, send a fresh hand to the fore-mast head, and see it manned
"'Turn to! turn to!--I make no promise;--to your duty!  Do you want
thought what you said well worth saying, that you thought a
9:11 And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which had the inkhorn by
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
   Ham. I am very glad to see you: good euen Sir.
might say unto this sycamine tree, Be thou plucked up by the root, and
their tents.

fell on her knees, and after a longer instant Turnbull followed.
    applause;
in Captain Wentworth's manner of writing to make you suppose
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and
surprise, considering that he was such an interested party in these
Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the
but I know no more what I said--I was in such a tremble!--I remember
"I hope she does.  I would have her understand me.  I am not
   Bru. You are my true and honourable Wife,
backs--scrape them!--scrape away!"
O now in danger tried, now known in arms 
26:47 These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those
And your port immovable where you stand,
night's suspense; the fixed, unfearing, blind, reckless way in which
"Oh yes; indeed you must not leave me without taking something; and Miss
LORD trieth the hearts.
rather unnecessary in you to be advising me."
all at sixes and sevens.  What can we do without you?

"The words are something, but the tune--the tune--I must have the tune,"
the LORD his God, as was the heart of David his father.

--JONAH.
Gliding meteorous, as evening-mist 
19:22 And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of
To waste his whole creation, or possess 

his own, Ahab stood upright till alongside of the Pequod.

endureth to all generations.
into the holy place, and shall leave them there: 16:24 And he shall

Accordingly Jem that evening took his stand, with his little basket, upon
Wheeler (aside to Bursal).  And as he has no money to buy votes--he! he!

"Oh, Elinor!" she cried, "I have such a secret to
It had cooled and crystallized to such a degree, that when, with
gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:
But when the word `gold' was said he held out his hand as if
    the well,
I thought irrational) to pull my nose. Would you oblige me by
a fortnight, and yet he does not come.  Nothing but real
house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son,
23:8 And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and
weapon called a boarding-sword, and watching his chance he
Clap the skull on top of the ribs, and clap a crown on top of the skull.
The Son of God to judge them, terrified 
and it seemed rather surprising to him that anybody
for she has an aunt who never holds her tongue."
young man, with a great deal of intelligence, spirit, and brilliancy;
1:14 His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow;
body of Jesus Christ once for all.
23:8 And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to
as soon as their present engagements at Exeter were over.
37:17 Incline thine ear, O LORD, and hear; open thine eyes, O LORD,


139:10 Even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall
the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites.
SCREWS, AND VARIOUS TOOLS OF ALL SORTS LYING ABOUT THE BENCH.

19:39 But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall
understand our laws; we settled them before you came upon the green.  You
pretty ladies took hold of the table with the Little Fir Tree on it and


in a moment; but I can tell you some.  I have been making
"There are few among the gentlemen of the navy, I imagine, who would
thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and
the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
Bak'd and impasted with the parching streets,
12:4 Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight, as
earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and
Nantucket!  Come, my Captain, study out the course, and let us away!
mackintosh rug.
O troubled reflection in the sea!
the house of Israel.

him with the curious girdle of the ephod, and bound it unto him

exposing them to inadvertencies and misconstructions of the most

strength in the tabernacles of Ham:

his stead.
reconciled. If you were the man in the dark room, why were you also
contention.
up-and-down poise of the whale-lance, in the exercise called
The evening of this day was very long, and melancholy, at Hartfield.
Peace is always beautiful,
When the last nail was driven, and the lid duly planed and fitted, he
off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter.
transported to a distant forest, where he was set down by a clear
33:14 Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the
    greed that with perfect complaisance devours all things,
Hath told thee?  Hast thou eaten of the tree, 
could be gained; and this nourishment of grief was every


stirred; so Loveit stood still.
Meantime, Fedallah was calmly eyeing the right whale's head, and ever
towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her
Thomas Douglas , fifth Earl of Selkirk , a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North . Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies . Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers . The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . Seven hundred miles south of York Factory , at `` the Forks '' of the Red and the Assiniboine , twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812 . By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire . The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818 . It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward . When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river . Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland . The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders . For many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie Du Chien on the Mississippi River , some 300 miles southeast of present-day St. Paul , Minnesota . When in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States , its British-born employees , now become American citizens -- Joseph Rolette , Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly -- continued in the fur business . On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , Robert Dickson , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . His trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts . These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun . In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack . They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills . It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States . In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie Du Chien . During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England . Upon arriving at Baltimore , Selkirk on December 22 wrote to John Quincy Adams , Secretary of State at Washington , inquiring about laws covering trade with `` Missouri and Illinois Territories '' . This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements . '' The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected . In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien . It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats . With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red . They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820 . This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk Ab1,040 . Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food . Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round . Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Leavenworth from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of Prairie Du Chien , until then the most advanced United States post . In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel Josiah Snelling . It was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good . Hercules L. Dousman , fur trader and merchant at Prairie Du Chien , contracted to supply Selkirk's people with some 300 head of cattle , and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers . Bailly , after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse `` in the Sieux Country '' and reached Fort Garry , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall . He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States . Observing their distressing condition , Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation . As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie Du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 . For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement . As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory . Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by October , John Halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the Forks '' in rafts . `` I have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment . '' Despite Company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing nets , about 350 persons stayed in the village . They would attempt to bring supplies from St. Louis or Prairie Du Chien at `` great expense as well as danger '' . At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States , and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling . The disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave . After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick . In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June . On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi . By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States . In 1837 , 157 Red River people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at Fort Snelling . Below the fort , high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River . At the point where they ended , another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in 1840 . Its people , including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry , were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840 . The resultant town , platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father Galtier's mission , St. Paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River . While population at Fort Garry increased rapidly , from 2,417 in 1831 to 4,369 in 1840 , economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate . Accordingly , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company , some settlers went into trade . The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs . Despite this prohibiton , by 1844 some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for furs . In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company's trade and power '' . To reduce further the flow of goods from England , the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men . With their customary source of supply cut off , the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country . Others carried pemmican from `` the Forks '' to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River , as in the summer of 1847 when one trader , Wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement . This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835 , but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee . The trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the 49th parallel .
A knock at the door, from Mrs. Theresa Tattle's servant, recalled
wonderment and pale dread, in which that white phantom sails in all
     "You don't understand," said Mrs Boulnois.  "He wouldn't mind.
No, I have no idea of being so easily persuaded.  When I have

tiller was indispensable.
to the cooking table, and took hold of the bread board. No sooner had
the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that
will not hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they
   Bru. Farwell euery one.
sundry matters of business.  He constantly perceived, however, that he
1:8 Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her
as before."
though still very unequal, were greatly improved--he grew
Zelophehad: 36:11 For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and
speech came with a rush, like the sudden foaming of champagne.
throughout all the land of Egypt.

The deeds of ruthless brigands, rapine, murder--I hear the cries for help!

"This would soon have led to something better, of course," was her
The Sperm Whale's Head--Contrasted View.
at cat's cradle all night.  In a heedless manner he made some inquiries

Nocturnal and diurnal rhomb supposed, 
    games, wars, manners, crimes, prisons, slaves, heroes, poets,

and yet his glossy skin flung back the light at eight angles or more.

close under our stern, we six men in the air came so nigh to each
13:53 And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not
That they may stumble on, and deeper fall; 

the time the almost continual command of the drenched and dangerous
purifieth not himself, defileth the tabernacle of the LORD; and that

The little Jackal ran away as fast as he could, and as he ran he called
commercial homage to the whale-ship, that cleared the way for the
Aroynt thee, Witch, the rumpe-fed Ronyon cryes.
22:26 But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let

A very few minutes more, however, completed the present trial.
into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
apt to ask favours, and nothing but Grant's cordiality could have
with Moses, so I will be with thee.
     The judge leaned forward, his old eyes yet more brilliant,
14:7 And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine
before unto Tarshish: for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and
sorrow.
is expected, and it raises no gratitude at all.  If I were you,
12:1 Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with
a regular ridge-pole there; while these ribbed, arched, hairy sides,
marvellously tutored by some experienced whaleman.  The French are
I wait and I wait till you blow my mate to me.

long courtships in time of war.  How many days was it, my dear,
them from city to city: 23:35 That upon you may come all the righteous
4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things
to see him in company with Mrs. Weston, upon his behaviour to whom
good for evil.  I am sorry I threw down your seeds, as you are such a
He knows how weak I am, and that I might forget the peril of the
and by what more deare, a better proposer could charge


When I got to Mr. Palmer's, I found Charlotte quite

2:1 And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar
Repast them with my blood
even in tree tops, were other little people watching with round,
of Jane Fairfax.  Every letter from her is read forty times over;
32:8 But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things
57:5 Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying
their former agitation.  From this moment her mind was
at once, which must be the end of it sooner or later, than wait here to
slowly slackened away, and down goes the first strip through the main




his stretched arm towards it, exclaimed,--"Look ye, for yourselves,
struck the floor with a delightful sound, and rebounded higher than Mr.
or his day shall come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and
  Ham. Nay, I know not

50:6 And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge

saying any thing to the purpose.  She could only give him a look;

9:36 But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on
12:41 These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of
9:33 And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of
20:8 Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his
greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting
7:6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was
"Exists?" said MacIan in his monotonous way, settling his pewter
and the good I have done Miss Fairfax!--Well (checking herself,
 

1:23 And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of
God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of
And neuer did the Cyclops hammers fall
 
is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon
felt she must submit to.  She could determine nothing at present.
11:5 For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.
9:15 And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be

   Who countest the steps of the sun;
father, fortunately, was within hearing, and poor Brian ran with the
"Shipmates, this book, containing only four chapters--four yarns--is


destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have
all the earth until the ninth hour.

   Cask. I know not what you meane by that, but I am
Marcellus
You must promise me not to sit up."
And a word provided for countersign, careful for safety,

they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness
  King. I Hamlet
31:18 And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing
Reaching the far-off sentry and the armed guards, who ceas'd their pacing,
  Hor. A peece of him

bird must be the best messenger, and I should be paid the best price.
fall.
fortnight with us, and seeing me so much affected.--
and then turns away and says, `God knows whether we ever meet again!'
left.
as wanting colour, had a clearness and delicacy which really needed
A very friendly inquiry after Miss Fairfax, she hoped, might lead
"Huh!" said Buster Bear. "It's of no use to try to fish here. I would

vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding
8:4 Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto
steering wheel, I ran up the front steps of the house and spoke to


    with care.
48:5 And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the west
into the chamber of her that conceived me.
37:27 My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God,
6:35 But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for
and John is sitting in the dining-room reading a book."
Echoes, ripples, buzz'd whispers, love-root, silk-thread, crotch and vine,

"Blast it!"--but slipping backward on the deck, his uplifted eyes
excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou
"Shame!" cried Witherspoon. "Why not?"


maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty
    snow on the limbs of trees, the occasional snapping,
forsaken the earth, and the LORD seeth not.
5:5 And Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and
1:6 And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with
branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make
and vouch for your being a very different creature from--"
and it will be gone for ever.  If, indeed, it could
"But see here, Stubb, I thought you a little boasted just now, that
a reconciliation, I shall think that even John and Fanny
not be seen.
with him in the dust.

been glad to know when these difficulties were to cease,
it?  15:9 And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old,
The camp stood on a mountain on the one side, and the Philistines stood

I shall divide every moment between music and reading.
makes them so shiny?'
drank again--cursed himself, and, giving his hand to the villain who was

houses and flowery gardens came from the Atlantic, Pacific, and
princes sat there, even Elishama the scribe, and Delaiah the son of
white-ash breeze!  Down with the Yarman!  Sail over him!"
of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the

and consciousness were believed to be stronger.  Every report agreed
many of them were good for a great deal more than the new ones.  Now you
dung it: 13:9 And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that
    form'd of perfect body,

      So do you;
looked up in her face as she spoke; but was all the time intent on
Pausers and contemplators of tufts, blossoms, shells of the shore,
was sporting with from Camden Place to Westgate Buildings.
To accomplish his object Ahab must use tools; and of all tools used
for thy sake I have suffered rebuke.
How nature paints her colours, how the bee 
I will see if the fishes and birds are to be enough for themselves,
on her dress and look, compliments very quietly and properly taken,

was. Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the
what comparison shall we compare it?  4:31 It is like a grain of
love or money, and would, if I would let them, go on paying for my
Absorbing all to myself and for this song.
that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree
The substance of an artist's mood or savan's studies long,
the gardeners' boys, and carried to the gardens round Naples, to be mixed
upon the string, that they may privily shoot at the upright in heart.
and they were such as to make further entreaty on his
made me afraid; 22:6 The sorrows of hell compassed me about; the
A good man departs . Goodby , Mr. Sam . Sam Rayburn was a good man , a good American , and , third , a good Democrat . He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; Mr. Speaker , Mr. Sam , and Mr. Democrat , at one and the same time . The House was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , Speaker of the House , and second most powerful man in Washington . Mr. Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label . He was no flaming liberal , yet the New Deal , the Fair Deal and the New Frontier needed him . He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction . It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical . His leadership was not for audiences . A growl , a nod , was usually enough . When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented . He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence . He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes . He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . These public efforts were rare because Mr. Rayburn normally did his counseling , persuading and educating long before an issue reached its test on the House floor . He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them . With his long service he had a long memory , an excellent thing in a political leader . He was , of course , in the House for a very long time . There are only two men remaining in Congress who , with Rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917 . To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. Sam coincided with that of the House . And it was the House he loved . To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition . The Senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president . He served `` with '' him . Sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death . Woodrow Wilson , with whom he began his years in Washington , Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge , FDR , with whom he managed a social revolution . And those still with us , Herbert C. Hoover , Harry S. Truman , Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy . He was a fighter for those of his own party . Mr. Truman has only to recall the `` hopeless '' campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr. Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr. Sam been there . As it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration . With Republican presidents , he fought fair . He was his own man , not an automatic obstructionist . He kept his attacks on Republicanism for partisan campaigns , but that is part of the game he was born to play . Under any name -- Mr. Speaker , Mr. Democrat , Mr. Sam -- he was a good man . un off the Congo track Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends . In 18 months , no more grisly incident has been reported from that jungle . Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries . In other words , atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned , had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga . Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ? To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . Mass rapes , troop mutinies , uncontrolled looting and pillage and reckless military adventures , given no sanction by any political authority , have become almost daily occurrences . Yet this basic condition of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of Katanga . It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government , which is itself a fiction , demonstrably incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it . The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ? ? The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa . Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga . That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view . The UN army is too weak , too demoralized for the task . Further , it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned . Last , it makes no sense to deliver Katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the existing chaos . The Congo should have been mandated , because it was not ready for independence . The idea was not even suggested because political expediency prevailed over wisdom . It is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism . But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach . Otherwise , UN will march blindly on to certain defeat . Featherbed reversal A recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the Southern Pacific Co. and the Order of Railroad Telegraphers has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information . The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year . Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement . The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life . Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need . Also , normal personnel attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less academic . The situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries . The solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands . Meditations from a fallout shelter Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side . But the internationalists have taken over the governing body of the bar , and when the lads met in St. Louis , it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful , despite an imperfection here and there . It was , the brief writers decided , `` man's best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world '' . Peace , it's wonderful , and `` world law '' , it's wonderful , too , and shouldn't we get an international covenant extending it into space , before the Russians put some claim jumper on the moon ? ? Meanwhile , in Moscow , Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT , to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism . A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink . While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide . `` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . Another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from Mexico City with the daily hijacking of an American plane by a demented Algerian with a gun . The craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana , where , for some unknown reason , Castro rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister , a passenger , who is not an admirer of old Ten O'Clock Shadow . The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but Castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution . Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man , Che Guevara , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela . The contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen , who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium . Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes , but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests , these things would not happen . The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . Pass the iron rations , please , and light another candle , for it's getting dark down here and we're minded to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away . The customer loses again . The board of suspension of the Interstate Commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain , as they had planned to do this month . The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines . The board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws .
speaking hope and solace to his misery, views what seems a boundless
2:1 In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month,
(For the blood of the children, what is it, only the blood maternal?
perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye?  6:42 Either how
2:10 And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter,
the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
24:1 Again in the ninth year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of
Things did not seem--that is, there seemed a little cloud upon
these were there; but no fatal or even serious ill seemed to have
9:20 And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time
"Then good-bye," said his friend, "I am off." And he set out, down the
your intrepidity in carrying the materials for the fireworks and the

riotously perverse and cross-running seas.  Still more strange to see
    seated on stately champing horses,
the LORD shall lay upon him, it shall be with tabrets and harps: and
augmented by the event which closed all their views of alliance,

4:24 And he said, Verily I say unto you, No prophet is accepted in his
be kind enough to tell me the meaning of some of those lines and figures
7:12 Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into

it's the same."


death?  did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD
Each stair mysteriously was meant, nor stood 
of his ladies.  In truth, this gentleman is a luxurious Ottoman,

It was perfectly accordant with that resolution of character
Behold, David sent messengers out of the wilderness to salute our
excepting Anne Elliot.  This was his only secret exception,


them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and

which cannot be shaken may remain.
Saturday night in December.  Much was I disappointed upon learning
of the truth.
Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too
smote him with the palms of their hands, 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto
high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of
the pool as it went.

launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
but Benwick is something more.  He is a clever man, a reading man;
into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to Jerusalem for fear


it had rather a showy look:  the big red jewels in the hilt and guard
you a promise before I came into this place. That promise I would
may be imagined.  The sole grievance and alloy thus removed in the
"We are quite safe here," said Turnbull, and, to the other's

to do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish
general trending he well knows, and which he desires shortly to
have borne down a great deal more than they met with, for there was
And, indeed, to own the truth, I do not think nurse, in her heart,

household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?  12:43
loudly hailed--"Ahoy there!  This is the Pequod, bound round the

    leadballs do their work,
His flight precipitant, and winds with ease 

he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness.

"I tell you what it is, landlord," said I quite calmly, "you'd better

The flat , hard cap was small , but he thrust it to the back of his head . `` Tie him up '' . `` Hell with it '' . Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head , hard . The man went over without sound , falling to the bare floor . Barton said harshly , `` Why did you do that '' ? ? Rankin sneered at him . `` What did you want me to do , kiss him ? ? He dumped me in solitary twice '' . Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around . `` Let's get one thing straight , you and me . The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out . If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . Fred Rankin looked at him . It seemed to Barton that the green eyes mocked him , the thin-lipped smile held insolence , but he had no time to waste now . `` Come on . Let's move '' . They filed out through the guard-room door , into the paved square . There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate , but they were in other cell blocks . There was no chance . They moved slowly , toward the main gate , following the wall . There was no moon . They had chosen this night purposely . They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above , and Powers slipped through the door . Two men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed . They looked up in surprise as Powers came in . `` What are you doing out of the block '' ? ? `` It's Curtiss '' , he said , naming the man Rankin had hit . `` I've got to have help '' . They stared at him . The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet . `` What's wrong with him '' ? ? `` He's having some kind of a fit '' . The sergeant turned to the door . As he passed through it Barton shoved his gun against the man's side . `` One sound and you're dead '' . The sergeant froze . Powers had not followed . Powers was covering the remaining guard . The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell . Powers knocked his arm aside . Deliberately , with none of Rankin's viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head . They were free . Even Barton could not quite believe it . It had gone without a hitch . They slid through the wicket in the big gate , ghosted across the dark ground . Five minutes later they reached the horses . Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts . He had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short . No one hurried . They walked the horses , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night . The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts . Five miles . In a small grove against the river they halted , turning deep into the protection of the trees . Foster had brought extra clothing also . A good man , Emmett . He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial . It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on Dill's release from the prison . Clyde Miller was crying softly to himself , shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants , the worn brown shirt . Kid Boyd was unusually silent , Rankin watchful , a few paces apart . Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers . `` I won't even try to thank you '' . The ex-prison guard was embarrassed . He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . I did it for the valley . You're the only man the Night Riders will follow . We've been starving and I don't like to starve '' . Barton turned away , his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse . `` Good luck '' . The murderer lifted his head . `` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ? `` You aren't one of us . There's nothing for you here '' . `` I got no place to go '' . Barton hesitated . He did not trust Rankin , his violent temper , his killer instinct . But ten years in prison had taught him realities . They were in a fight , outweighed in both numbers and money . It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses , to call them Night Riders , to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure . But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals , men who knew how to use a gun against men , who would match the killers on the other side . `` Your choice '' , he said briefly , and turned to Kid Boyd . `` Bury those uniforms so they won't be found '' . Then Barton touched Carl Dill's arm and moved off , up the river bank . He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley . They squatted on their heels in the deep mud and Dill found a cigar in his breast pocket , passing it over silently . He too knew the agony of going for weeks , sometimes months without the solace of tobacco . Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply , letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled . Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man . He had been the auditor for the mining syndicate , and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the syndicate's money . He had done time for the theft . The one thing they had in common was their hatred . Both hated Donald Kruger . It had drawn them together , and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night's escape . He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up . The old Haskell mine '' . Mitch Barton knew the place . Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the Haskell claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley . They had spent a million dollars , carving in a road , putting up buildings , drilling their haulage tunnel . Then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned . `` The road's washed badly '' , said Dill , `` but there's a trail you can get over with a horse . A company of cavalry couldn't come in there if two men were guarding that trail '' . Barton nodded . `` How do the valley people feel '' ? ? `` As mad as ever . But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me . I'm an outsider . When they learn you're in the hills though , they'll rally , don't worry about that '' . Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind . `` My boy . Did you find him '' ? ? Dill was silent as if he hated to answer , and Barton had a cold , sick feeling of apprehension . `` He's in Morgan's Ferry '' . Barton half-straightened in surprise . `` What's he doing there '' ? ? Again Dill hesitated . `` Dealing faro '' . `` Dealing faro ? ? How come '' ? ? `` Your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres' saloon '' . Barton cursed under his breath . After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ? `` Everyone . Your cousin Finley saw to that . He's quite a rat , you know . He sold out to Kruger's men . He's informed them of everything you've ever written him . He wants your ranch '' . Barton stood up . He said tensely , `` All right . Let's go get the boy '' . Dill had come up also . `` I was afraid of this . I almost didn't tell you '' . `` If you hadn't I'd have killed you '' . Dill's voice tightened . `` But you can't ride into the Ferry . That's what they'll expect you to do . They'll be there waiting for you . I understand how you feel about the child . '' `` The hell you do '' . Barton's voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it . `` I never saw him . My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away . `` I can't leave him there . Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as hostage , and I wouldn't entrust a snake to his tender care . I've got to get the boy . Let's ride '' . Chapter two Barton's men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places , carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult . It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state . It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame . It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield . It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences . For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg , and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence . Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit . The office was of logs , four rooms , each heated by an iron stove . The building was dwarfed by the scene outside . There a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside . The gravel was the bed of an ancient river , buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth . It was partially cemented by ages and pressure , yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams , the force of a thousand fire hoses , and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices . A million dollars' of gold a month . A million tons of rock and soil and brush . The monitors ran twenty-four hours each day . Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles . Hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums . He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air . Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . Ten years older than Mitch Barton , he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation . He was proud of his accomplishments , proud of his job , proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him . He lived and breathed for the mining company . No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life . There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see Kodyke in the entrance from the outer room . Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke . The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a too-large nose . The eyes always held Hague , eyes of a dead man , lidless as a lizard's , with the fixed intensity of a cobra . Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke . He knew nothing about the man's history . Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . Kodyke was to head the dread company police . He ran the change rooms . He threw out the hi-graders . He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco . Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike . He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype . `` This is Mitchell Barton . He broke out of Folsom last night . Apparently he bribed one of the guards . We want him back there or we want him dead '' . Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand , studying it thoughtfully . `` Dangerous '' ? ? `` Dangerous , yes . You know how the ranchers in the valley are . They blame us for all their troubles . Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches . It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again '' . The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . Normally Hague wasted no words , but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said .
Upward to heaven, whence, vaguely form'd, altogether changed, and
they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that
148:10 Beasts, and all cattle; creeping things, and flying fowl:
practicable for him to chuse his own subject in the adjoining room.
Was it unpardonable to think it worth my while to come? and to arrive
when all the wedding guests were assembled at the bride's bamboo
Till Archer came, the ideas of FAVOURITES and PARTIES were almost unknown
that two hours will bring me over at any time, to save you
 Lovely Lyca lay.

6:1 And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold,

to believe myself otherwise; for our pride, if investigated,

in believing him incapable of generosity.  His attentive
Striking too short at Greekes. His anticke Sword,
And do you rise higher than ever yet O days, O cities!
for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for
may say.  But what I am driving at here is this.  That same
theirs.

8:18 Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave
and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another
among the children of Israel.
     me to conclude; and begging to be most gratefully
let it be done according to the law.
"She was very much honoured, and should be happy in their acquaintance."
But it sufficeth, that the day will end,
of silly men and girls have organized a game across this part of
waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab is
A poor widow barely able to live, between thirty and forty;
Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other,
furred over with hoar-frost.  Only her lower sails were set.  A wild
but she will swallow any thing; and the excessive

thirteen--that dangerous age at which ill educated girls, in their
3D NANTUCKET SAILOR.
of Jesus, and let them go.
strangers in praise of my own, which I know is not mannerly; but the
daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine

honest, and I have brought you up to be the same, Mary; and I am sure the

ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.
Compare above all living creatures dear! 

understanding.
     Pioneers! O pioneers!
4:8 Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter
That swift as Quick-siluer, it courses through
exactly calculated to carry a woman.  Without considering
on the subject of Mrs. Weston's suspicions, to which the sweet
my necessities, and to them that were with me.
to his father to the reapers.
His fiery Chaos to receive their fall. 

I assure you I have.  I feel a strong persuasion, this morning,

swerve about, uncertain where to go at last.  And by the eternal
of divine debris, the broken remainder of his first vision.  The

on account of his being a part owner in her.  So when they were
While all God's sun-lit waves rolled by,
     "Because," said Father Brown, "her Doom is coming up the road."

for your sister.  My poor husband! how fond he was of it!

 
Syme sprang to his feet, shaking from head to foot.
and may be as sensible and pleasant as any body else.  And the
    diverse contributions one identity, any more than my lands
there is much running backwards and forwards among the crew.  Now
when fear did take possession of her mind, it was attended with total
against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort: 4:9 Then wrote
some other thing for the whale-spout, as the event itself soon
for modesty to be natural in any other woman."
and they were found drugged with cigarettes or chocolates and
a swift dromedary traversing her ways; 2:24 A wild ass used to the


education.  He will, I am persuaded, judge and act for himself more
"Who talked of such folly?" asked MacIan disdainfully.  "Do you
South.  In this cursed, craven place I have not been permitted to
go, all cursing, and here I don't.  Fine prospects to 'em; they're on

nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
But while he was asking them the questions his father had commanded,
could not command.
"Oh, no, ma'am; nor be not to go till the bell rings; for Miss Bertha,
thousand.
Worshiped in Rabba and her watery plain, 
Th' Ionian gods--of Javan's issue held 

written in the book of Moses.

world stand in awe of him.

Whether former feelings were to be renewed must be brought to the proof;
Remember me, O my God, for good.
our next kinsmen.
set his eyes on him.

our brother, and conceal his blood?  37:27 Come, and let us sell him
sore amazed, and to be very heavy; 14:34 And saith unto them, My soul
With orient colours waving: with them rose 
since it can advance him so little towards what must



The villagers heard him, but they thought it was another mean trick; no
I must follow up these continual lessons of the air, water, earth,
but you sing as well as play;--yes, I really believe you might,
"By the way, I fear I am very absent minded.  There is one man

and a green and white cockade in their hats."

Proud music of the storm,
paper, on which was written:--
Why did he put so prominently in his demand for ransom the fact that
As I have nothing else to do, I will put on my hat and stroll
   Macd. The Tyrant ha's not batter'd at their peace?



a good while when they do come, and he will be half his time with us.
31:5 And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of
Into this wild Abyss the wary Fiend 
ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent

(For time, though in eternity, applied 
you did not write that odious song.  I would not lose such a friend for
praise of God.
A vast circumference.  At his approach 
6:11 Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin,
on a commission of Mrs Clay's.
19:20 And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that
others know it. Blacky likes excitement. He wants something going on.
raging tumult, Jonah sleeps his hideous sleep.  He sees no black sky

as in the most spacious dwelling."
119:69 The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy
running along in front of the first-floor windows.  Beneath this was
     "I thought so," answered Cray with gravity.
house.
19:10 Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to
For that which is not in me?
vindictiveness towards the White Whale might have possibly extended
Cecilia rose hastily.
2:11 For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill.
centre table, dipped it into water and commenced lathering his face.
amazement of Lucy, who, though really uncomfortable herself,

And says; Thou mother of my children, I have loved thee
even to sourness, in her aspect.  Her complexion was sallow;
wall, that she shall not find her paths.
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
looked around, and she was obliged to join them.
steeper, they saw below them the little harbour of Lancy and a
"I am disappointed," was his only answer.
man's presence had sufficed for them; they had fled at the first
him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and
store.
Sarah as he had spoken.
Of those Heaven-warring champions could be found 
Thy ponderous side-bars, parallel and connecting rods, gyrating,
distributing itself along the benches.
done.

She ended weeping; and her lowly plight, 
Eddystone, triumphantly to overleap its summit with their scud.
Whatever Marianne was desirous of, her mother would be eager
That they haue don't?
I shall hear of every thing that is going on among you.  I have
he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he


against the God of Israel, to turn away this day from following the
seem incredible to some landsmen, though they themselves may have

So by his Father lost: and this (I take it)

character is to deserve it.

but not so heavy as he has very often known them in November.
long and the short of the matter, by all I can learn,
walking round Ahab, and like a dog, strangely snuffing; "this man's

Not now are we any one of these spacious and haughty States, (nor
17:7 Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the
"My dear madam," said Lady Middleton, "recollect what


In such a place the sea had something of the monotony of a blue-green dado:
the sailor to the bottom, as if to yield him his pillow, though in

shall throughly plead their cause, that he may give rest to the land,
Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed
that her situation and her character ought to have been
burned in him.

Woe unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or to


of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the
in a deeper, a more deadly sense, I am serious."
"And when she has forgiven you, perhaps a little humility
O it stretches--it spreads and runs so fast--O my father,
What do you take his age to be?'  `Sixty,' said I, `or perhaps sixty-two.'

1:64 And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and
till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of
believe them, in short, to be such as his merit, and the
this cavern, which opens on the river, where there is a steam-tug
Not long; for sudden all at once their reeds 
or against the latter for having dared to want to marry her daughter,

nor any stranger that sojourneth among you: 18:27 (For all these
"Ben," said his uncle, "you seem to be a good marksman, though you have
wheel.
 For Mercy, Pity, Peace, and Love,
he doubted--and was extremely gratified by such a proof of intimacy,
advice how to manage in such and uncomfortable situation
bow: their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their
and the evil of his attentions last night, the irremediable mischief
Are these last throwing out oblique hints touching Tophet?
Farm.  'Tis my way to eat cheese with my mouth, man.

Lord John,      )

burned, and few men left.
O'Ryan, the roaring lion--ha! ha! ha!  You know I always laugh, Bursal,
hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
   Qu. No more.
"I will," said the Duck.
told him he might make himself at home.  But this fine young
as the heart of God; 28:7 Behold, therefore I will bring strangers
The paths to the house I seek to make,
Whereupon planting his feet firmly against two opposite planks of the
for I will deliver my people out of your hand: and ye shall know that

raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and
once;--seen him?  No!  Well then, fill up again, captains, and let's
to her to believe Captain Wentworth not in the least aware
And they would go and kisse dead Caesars wounds,
not be so easy to burst forth at once into perfect independence,
   King. Oh heauy deed:
"What is the matter, sir?--Did you speak to me?" cried Mr. John
say: and speak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto
annihilating each separate plank of which those boats were made.  But


the earth is moved exceedingly.
Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the

I am too full of woe!
they could see did the same thing.

favourable winds.  Yes, the world's a ship on its passage out, and not
Soon as midnight brought on the dusky hour 
a double chin) faintly spoilt the claim of the face to absolute
the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled.
trophies.  A cannibal of a craft, tricking herself forth in the
  Messa. My Masters man. Strato, where is thy Master?
"Yes, yes, we can guess where he is; at his own house
Dr. Bull, however, having been carefully coached by Syme upon this

'You did,' said the Mock Turtle.

  Ophe. I my Lord


was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou

linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with
thy mother: 6:21 Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them
it; that the steward had plugged his spare coffee-pot and filled it;
All that is jocund and sparkling, the brooks running,

unworthy of being dwelt on,
}  An Old Man's Thought of School
obedience to the laws," added he, turning to Archer, "as men, you cannot
figure in the picture of three whales in various attitudes, capping

In the middle of the stream the fox said, "Oh, dear! little Gingerbread
slander, is a fool.
which can find no floor to the universe.
22:18 Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.

"Water!" cried the captain; "he never drinks it; it's a sort of fits
to his hand a present for Esau his brother; 32:14 Two hundred she

that day to the armour of the house of the forest.
land: for God hath given it into your hands; a place where there is no
severed you from other people, that ye should be mine.
any want of attention to her _here_ should be carefully avoided.

but subtile deceits, not actually inherent in substances, but only
charged them that they should not make him known: 12:17 That it might
4:2 O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how
enter into the dreadful gulf of this monster's (whale's) mouth, are
When it did open it was empty, too.  He went and looked into
6:10 For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of
not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all
door of his own cottage with resolute steps, however, and went through
    not why,
people. Some of these songs were so beautiful that they have never been
coming along the road, run as fast as you can and call me."
And, children, the little book made Louisa famous. It was so sweet and
12:16 And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth,

and she put me in the way of making these little thread-cases,

knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing
she visited her friends.  But we never did.  I hardly know how it

with sobs, to sing this:--
And therefore thinke him as a Serpents egge,
conjoined in the one technical phrase--the Season-on-the-Line.  For
cleanse the land.
I am of the same style, for I am their friend,
and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with
which seemed determined to be heard, in spite of all the noise


when he was come near, he asked him, 18:41 Saying, What wilt thou that
8:16 And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat
but instantaneous certainty. Syme, indeed, was one of those men who

of good weather, they received an impression in its
of her own set.  The rich brother-in-law near Bristol was the pride
ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his

clear that it was some sort of air-ship made of metal, and
The Younger melts in fondness in his arms.
12:29 And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three
9:14 How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to

I know that very well (blushing as she spoke).--However, now I

Acceding from such gestation, taking and giving continual strength
with the respective marks cut in them, afterwards taken from the dead


upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad
the colossus of finance, Mr Samuel Harrogate.  I next announce
the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside

Made answer.  Mighty Father, thou thy foes 
"I really have no experience," he began.
hath afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: her
19:20 And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of
    of the globe.
Listens delighted.  Evening now approached, 
15:20 This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah


Jews and proselytes, 2:11 Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak
locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;
     "I think," said Father Brown, "he would blacken his face."
horrible tail!"
the waves, followed by the gaudiest and yet sleepiest of sunsets?

Forgets both joy and grief, pleasure and pain. 
29:20 Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope
Fred. (aside).  "My dear," again, Marianne!
"Oh! yes, very.  Nobody cares for a letter; the thing is, to be always
deserts and of griefs beneath the moon.  The sun hides not the ocean,
which let in the air into his last house of life.  He soon
So ended the first part, which had been afterwards put into an envelope,
I can cheerfully take it now, or with equal cheerfulness I can wait.
That this shall be, or we will fall for it.
she was not allowed to proceed.  The Admiral's kind urgency

the greatest seeming kindness and cordiality.
hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken.
for his father, and all day--often all night--he was out in the fields,
either by accident or design, kicked him as he lay.  The drunkard

the names of his daughters, Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and

three days, and be thou here present.
add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will
It seemed an unnecessary caution; Jane was wanting to give her words,

The simple, pathetic air which won the suffrages of the whole assembly,
8:6 And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which



for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and
stronger pull.

in a disagreeable manner.  I do not believe I did you any good.
the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews,
"We do not know yet that he is not dead in a field."
In the evening, as Marianne was discovered to be musical,
Not sea-waves hurry in and out,
6:24 And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria
Sunday has us now in the hollow of his hand."

Burs. (taking him by the arm).  Come on, man, and don't stand begging
9:23 And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels
8:13 And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to
The Hen-mother did not know what in the world to do with the queer
tremor was felt running like lightning along the keel, as the
so I said, 'My dear Lady Elliott, do not be uneasy.
with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise
The Chase--First Day.
succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not

unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at
arithmetic was so good as to lend him.  Amongst these he one evening met
And in their state, though firm, stood more confirmed. 
word Love pronounced in _his_ intonation; and I know exactly what
Looke you, these are the stoppes
16:1 Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover unto the LORD
covenant with them.
Those who have visited Italy give us an agreeable picture of the cheerful

devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.


"Is it?" answered the Highlander, "then what did those policemen
cried Louisa more eagerly, and taking her sister aside, seemed to be
sight?  18:4 He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be

"No," said Inspector Ratcliffe, "we shall never get there."
    the hearth-slab, where cobwebs fall in festoons from the rafters;
and were very proud of him.
19:16 In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be
Mr. Dixon's preference of her music to her friend's, I can answer
pervert the right ways of the Lord?  13:11 And now, behold, the hand
this; because these twin-tubs being so small they fit more readily
6:27 Then Gideon took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had

78:2 I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of
this proposal; drank two or three bumpers to drown thought; and promised
brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in
"but I can give you no advice under such circumstances.
5:9 Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labour
81:7 Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered thee


As yet my change, and give him to partake 
accompaniments, were sufficiently hardy not to flee from the battle
harpooneers were dancing with the olive-hued girls who had eloped
ahead, Mr. Stubb, and that's what ye came for. (Pull, my boys!)

hand, as thou hast said.

     9
sea and shore, was one of those rare and splendid ones in which
prophets together unto mount Carmel.

And question this most bloody piece of worke,
left.
beautifully that everybody who heard her remembered her song better than
    and walk by his side,

even as he did so, with one wrench of his powerful hands rent and
Man's nature, lessen or degrade thine own. 
consented to a private engagement?"
harpoon, the brawny savage caught him in his arms, and by an almost
receive this eBook from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook) disclaims

"And yet I do assure you," replied Lucy, her little


beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither
and openly assure her of an affection which I had already

what Trade?
departed.
4:18 And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon

could hint of caution and reserve.

and only begged leave to recommend an implicit reference to
"No, indeed," said Laura, smiling.
confidentially, while Evan's agonized ears heard behind him the
'coeval'. What's yours?"
captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the

17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of
"Here we have got it!" said Betty, holding it fast by the legs.

But thee? whom follow? Thou wilt bring me soon 
Then he drew nearer to her, and said in a dry and dreadful voice:
and we are a very quiet set of people, I believe; more disposed

coming into the house, are such grand folk, that one need be so
came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against
many acquaintance in the place, for her father was universally civil,
Captain Harville's had fixed her superiority.
2:5 And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above
The boatmen and clam-diggers arose early and stopt for me,
4:2 And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and

the earth, and it abideth.
sea; there's time for that.  An old, old sight, and yet somehow so
prophets that prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a
people: 22:5 And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the
hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew
had bought bad cigars round Leicester Square ever since he was a
has shown that force is no remedy; so you see the position in
smoking no longer soothes.  Oh, my pipe! hard must it go with me if
aye, I have run him by last night.  About! about!  Come down, all of
little and see the watery part of the world.  It is a way I have of
desire to keep out of your sight, could have separated us
one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.
She was feeling too much; but at last Emma collected from her

    directions and indirections?
be idle taps upon a table or knee. But wine and companionship had
2:1  For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for

33:15 And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that
to Oxford, that his sister and I both think a letter
John Middleton's first letter to Norland, every thing was
neither hast thou taken ought of any man's hand.
God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first
It needed the full shock of the huge shadow of MacIan, falling
the nose.  Dash the nose from Phidias's marble Jove, and what a sorry
   Qu. I will my Lord;
so it did; otherwise, I am sure, I should have observed them,

feet in the form of a fall of rough stone steps.  After that,
wherein a gentleman, after in vain trying to bridle his wife's
you."
get some sleep in this wood, now everyone has cleared out of it,
  3. There's but one downe: the Sonne is fled

say, not of this building; 9:12 Neither by the blood of goats and
seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I
of apology, for the past; to open my whole heart to you,
for Mrs Boulnois; balls and masquerades perpetually filled the grounds
Philosophers in vain so long have sought, 
turned to a learned clerk at his side and asked what those words meant,
in the same mess; but, owing to some accidents on the Afghan border,

which the March Hare was said to live. 'I've seen hatters before,' she
19:18 And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their
29:26 Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh

also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were
8:13 And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on
But for years he's been doing things as good as that, quite as good
13:17 But if ye will not hear it, my soul shall weep in secret places

21:8 And unto this people thou shalt say, Thus saith the LORD; Behold,
more the statue was unveiled. Again the Elector exclaimed at its beauty,

Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose
by the unusual yellowish incrustations overgrowing him, seemed



have been more plainly spoken than in a civility to her father,
the bell for evening prayer rang, and they all took their places, and
bobbins.  The little girl came back out of breath to her work; but what
"Ma'am," cried the maid, suddenly, "I'll venture to say I know who did
with a courteous, comprehensive smile to all, and one smile and

to rise up.

enough for Mr. Elton, no doubt; accomplished enough for Highbury--
grew to the size that you have seen.  Now, the reason I tell you this is,


you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them
They saw them whelmed, and all their confidence 


stopped and stood still. Not a step would he budge for all the coaxing
unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall: and he
16:25 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever
_Mrs_. Gilbert would have danced the other evening, if she had
had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold,
LORD, and surname himself by the name of Israel.
4:16 Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden,
by a Robert Martin's riding about the country to get walnuts
The Gam.

"Not France?" repeated Turnbull, with a sort of dull incredulity.
So saying, on he led his radiant files, 

example of disobedience of my orders.  Why do I talk of disobeying my
I speak not, yet if you hear me not of what avail am I to you?
dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the crown of the head.
rest, holy to the LORD: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day,
I could recognize the back of a house as well as the back of a man."
of farther discovery,
questions.
39:1 And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of
idleness perished before him.  His own person was the exact
9:49 And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils
    give birth to babes,

down my life for the sheep.
rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind that loose slate--Oh, it's coming
25:1 These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah
   Bru. Why farewell Portia: We must die Messala:
She accepted some flowers from Cutler, which were as tropical and expensive
by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water?  18:14 And now
a week's indulgence, Lady Russell determined him to be unworthy
didn't you?"


saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us.

15:5 And the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering shalt

prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall
"Hard by, sir, just close to the church here:  it was HER that always had
himself so lucky to have stolen, and to have disposed of undetected, was,
Agonies are one of my changes of garments,
to contribute any really good enigmas, charades, or conundrums
great for his situation.  "Come down from the ladder, and wish your

Lady Russell's influence highly; and as to the severe degree
Unspeakable; for who, though with the tongue 
and thought a little more in my shirt sleeves.  But beginning to feel
}  What Think You I Take My Pen in Hand?
Banding the bulge of the earth winds the hot equator,

1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters,
personally acquainted with your sister-in-law's mother,
giveth thee a sign or a wonder, 13:2 And the sign or the wonder come
Covering all my lands--all my seashores lining!
covenant, and be delivered?  17:16 As I live, saith the Lord GOD,

32:6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am
died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.
23:19 Yet she multiplied her whoredoms, in calling to remembrance the
this thing to day.
immemorial, unalterable countries, which even in these modern days

Leviathanic life, with a Right Whale alongside; the vessel (in the
Suffice it to say that you were an inexpressibly irritating fellow,
the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to
4:22 And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed
ships he was concerned in, for he never piloted any other

"Much this way had it been with the Town-Ho; so when her leak was
from Solomon which he told her not.

7:23 And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the
CHAPTER 4
their images, and cut down their groves: 34:14 For thou shalt worship
"It is not true that we have never been broken. We have been broken

good to hate anybody; and I'll be bound I'll make it up to him now."

thy sons for ever.
There was nothing in all this that could conceivably concern
Thou varied chain of different States, yet one identity only,

7:38 So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that
their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for
"Give me sixpence, and I'll tell you," said Betsy; "but waken Anne and
From flight, seditious Angel! to receive 

As I bathed on the beach of the Eastern Sea, and again on the beach


thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish-spears?
9:9 (Beforetime in Israel, when a man went to enquire of God, thus he
its shadow upon the path.
place of my rest?  7:50 Hath not my hand made all these things?  7:51

rushing up to Leonora, she threw her hat at her feet, and panting for
take his horse and ride after them.  "Ay," added Farmer Truck, "do you
that leg?--I'll take that leg away from thy stern, if ever thou
and when they afterwards returned to the drawing room,
"Yes?" said Turnbull.
treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the
Of grove or garden-plot more pleasant lay, 
my feelings.  What has he been judging by?--I am not conscious
maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his
be read by Miss Dashwood, may be imagined.  Though aware,
   Qu. Alas sweet Lady: what imports this Song?
`` Good old A-Z '' , Cap said . `` You know , I've got one of your cars at home . As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . Isn't his racket down your alley '' ? ? Once it was , William thought . But not any more . A rush of memory swept him back , and he forgot Cap . How did he start on such a ride to brief glory ? ? Simply enough , through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law . General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time . Freddy needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by Gerry , and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one . Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed Freddy in an executive position . Shortly after , Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas . Willis listened patiently , and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering ; ; he generally heard Freddy's suggestions without interest , being absorbed by his own prospering concerns . Probably Mr. Willis was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren . Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father , prodded , no doubt , by Joan's open contempt for Freddy and William's irritating competency . Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune ; ; she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with Freddy , the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death . Whatever the reasons , Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith . They acquired another electronics factory , a specialized ceramics company , an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators . Since they were hunting for national defense contracts , Adam Herberet , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections . Feeling his power , Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer . Heavy industry , slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers , attracted him . The Allstates Auto Company , a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment , had recently constructed an over-large , modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism . Cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders , it was ripe for amalgamation , and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash , and never mind inevitable consequences . With Herberet's blessing , he was convinced that Allstates' Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly , tanks , missiles or ordnance of some kind . At that point William came into the picture . Although not much desiring the account , he had been appointed advertising head of Zenith . Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner , his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure ; ; and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . Mr. Willis , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and William set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . I know a guy named Jack Hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler , and I took him with me to Allstates . It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . The conversion will cost a fortune . Besides that , I'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force . I think Adam Herberet is guilty of being too hopeful and better informed on defense financing than on the technical side . Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs , and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here . The future of manned aircraft is in doubt , which affects government procurement , and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes . This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough . Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled . Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ? Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged . `` Well '' , he said , `` there is Freddy , you know . And Gerry . Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already . He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and Ham Richert , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' . `` Yes , I appreciate that . I wish you wouldn't tell Freddy I'm lukewarm ; ; I've caused him trouble before , and he's beginning to resent me . If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' . `` Which is a frightful prospect , Bill '' . Willis laughed . `` One shouldn't mix commercial affairs with patriarchy , but in this case I have no choice . Let me think about it . I'm most grateful to you , so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy '' . Not to William's surprise , Freddy , Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed ; ; allied to them was Gerry , devoting much time to swaying her father , and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further . Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and Freddy became president of the hyphenated combination . Through Jack Hamrick , William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay . He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . Freddy's backing dropped away from him and Mr. Willis was forced to make up the deficit . Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end . The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant . Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value . Confronted by a grim future , Freddy lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation . Once more Willis summoned William . `` You were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind . Freddy's solution doesn't appeal to me . In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment . Will you see if you can help me '' ? ? William spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick . His recent experience in motor car advertising , a love for cars of themselves , the existence of A-Z's useless Wisconsin set-up , exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy , and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it . Initially , Hamrick's reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging . He thought the financing , the advertising , the production of new models , the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult . Then he caught fire . If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if William could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . Taking Hamrick with him , William went to Mr. Willis . He was surprised and dubious , but impressed by the engineer and the report . `` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad . I wish I was younger and less timid . Well , I can't resolve this myself . I'll have to call in the brain trust . Are you willing to run the gantlet ? ? I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' . `` We'll be in there swinging '' , William said , `` but in a way , sir , you've got to decide it yourself . You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage . If they follow anyone , it'll have to be you '' . He paused . `` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you . You mustn't take a fall , or publicly back away . I hate that . You're -- you're Arthur Willis . Forgive the hearts and flowers theme '' . `` I rather like the music '' , Willis replied quietly . `` Thank you '' . At the meeting , attended by Freddy , Richert , Herberet and the A-Z executive staff , with Mr. Willis presiding , William and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet . From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity . `` Oh , my God '' , Ham Richert said , `` a little child shall lead them . Move over , General Motors '' . `` It's absurd , Bill '' , Freddy said , from a pale face . `` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' . `` Your garden , God damn it '' ! ! William said . `` I don't enjoy family quarrels '' , Adam said . `` Nor crazy relatives . We're here to transact business . Can't we put an end to this , Arthur '' ? ? `` Hear me out , please '' , William begged . `` I'm an advertising hustler , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere . Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three . Their cars weren't small enough , they didn't have the power , they were old-fashioned . They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit . We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery . We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age . Look what those little European jobs are doing . We'll woo the consumer with a product , not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight . Let's make it moonlight and the call of far places and a seduction , at reasonable rates . Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made . We've got rid of the steam yachts and Georgian houses , and the bloated , too-expensive automobile is next . Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an Allstates-Zenith '' ? ? He swayed them somewhat , but the debate raged on . Financing emerged as the main obstacle . Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum . `` Nobody will underwrite it , I'm telling you '' , Freddy said . `` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' . `` There's plenty of risk money '' , Ham Richert added , `` but not for anything this risky '' . `` All right '' , William said . `` We'll try to swing the deal on that basis . If we can't raise the capital , we're through . Nothing has been lost . You're up against it anyhow . Why won't you give me a chance '' ? ? A silence fell . Heads instinctively turned in Willis' direction . He smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together . `` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family . I'm not giving you a chance , Bill , but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance . Good luck to you '' . `` All the in-laws have got to have their day '' , Adam said , and glared at William and Freddy in turn . Sweat started out on William's forehead , whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell . Across the table , Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger . Nobody else showed pleasure . Spike-haired , burly , red-faced , decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ivy League suit , Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers' club . `` Hello , boss '' , he said , and grinned . `` I suppose I can never expect to call you ' General ' after that Washington episode '' . `` I'm afraid not '' .
six hundred.
and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself,
turn every one to his people, and they shall flee every one to his own
"then give me leave to assure you that you will find her a very
was at the house of the schoolmistress that they stopped, and she gave
and could make out from his answers that, as far as Enscombe
and there was nowhere else for them to go. When they came to the place

chagrin as he realized that he had nothing in which to put more berries,

she will be hearing of us.  He will be able to tell her how we
cabin-gangway to the deck.  There most sea-captains usually walk at
the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:) 2:9

brethren.
7:28 The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.
committed.

downright bumpkin dandy--a fellow that, in the dog-days, will mow his
144:15 Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yea, happy is

extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
the utmost distress, with no creditable home, no help,
returning, and making detours about the garden, he managed to
fire; into deep pits, that they rise not up again.

The want of Miss Taylor would be felt every hour of every day.


This meeting of the two parties proved highly satisfactory,
to be lit by electricity.
burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD; two young bullocks,
in all this was abruptly lightened by two large, light china-blue
tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.
His eyes he opened, and beheld a field, 
had taken place, when it was not for me, you know,
man whom I saw talking with you the other day could express himself
given to marriage.

them, and fled by the way of the wilderness.

Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold . There was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night . Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow . He might have been anywhere or nowhere . The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. Verdi . Secretary of State Seward was a sick man . The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a chemist's clerk . The sick were always receiving medicines . No one would question such an errand . The bottle was filled up with flour . Before Payne loomed the Old Clubhouse , Seward's home , where Key had once been killed . Now it would have another death . From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry . He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell . Like the bell at Mass , the doorbell was pitched too high . It was still Good Friday , after all . A nigger boy opened the door . Payne did not notice him . He was thinking chiefly of Cap . If their schedules were to synchronize , there was no point in wasting time . He pushed his way inside . For a moment the hall confused him . This was the largest house he had ever been in , almost the largest building , except for a hotel . He had no idea where Seward's room would be . In the half darkness the banisters gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous . Above him somewhere were the bedrooms . Seward would be up there . He explained his errand , but without bothering much to make it plausible , for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army . He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it . He was no longer worried . Everything would be all right . He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped . Still , the sensation always surprised him . It was a thrill he felt no part in . He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick , appalling , and efficient things . He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs . They were carpeted , but made for pumps and congress gaiters , not the great clodhoppers he wore . The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum . At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown . He stopped and whispered his errand . Young Frederick Seward held out his hand . Panting a little , Payne shook his head . Dr. Verdi had told him to deliver his package in person . Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping , and then went through a pantomime at his father's door , to prove the statement . `` Very well '' , Payne said . `` I will go '' . He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder Seward was , he did not intend to go . He pulled out his pistol and fired it . It made no sound . It had misfired . Reversing it , he smashed the butt down on Frederick Seward's head , over and over again . It was the first blow that was always difficult . After that , violence was exultantly easy . He got caught up into it and became a different person . Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real . The nigger boy fled down the stairs , screaming , `` Murder '' . It was not murder at all . Payne was more methodical than that . He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away . A knife would do . From childhood he had known all about knives . Someone blocked the door from inside . He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness . He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled . He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly . It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams . Two men pulled him off . Nobody said anything . Payne hacked at their arms . There was a lady there , in a nightdress . He would not have wanted to hurt a lady . Another man approached , this one fully dressed . When the knife went into his chest , he went down at once . `` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall . `` I'm mad '' , and only wished he had been . That would have made things so much easier . But he was not mad . He was only dreaming . He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . Somewhere in the fog , the nigger boy was still yelling murder . One always wakes up , even from one's own dreams . The clammy air revived him . Herold , he saw , had fled . Well , one did not expect much of people like Herold . He unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on . The nigger boy was close behind him . Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone . He rode on and on . He had no idea where he was . After some time he came to an open field . An open field was better than a building , that was for sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass . He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; ; he knew he should get to Cap , but he didn't know how . He was sure , for he had done as he was told , hadn't he ? ? Cap would find him and take care of him . So choosing a good tree , he clambered up into it , found a comfortable notch , and curled up in it to sleep , like the tousled bear he was , with his hands across his chest , as though surfeited with honey . Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened . In Boston , Edwin Booth was winding up a performance of A New Way To Pay Old Debts . It was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more . Acting soothed him . On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual . As Sir Giles Overreach ( how often had he had to play that part , who did not believe a word of it ) , he raised his arm and declaimed : `` Where is my honour now '' ? ? That was one of the high spots of the play . The audience , as usual , loved it . He was delighted to see them so happy . If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia . Everyone is ambivalent about his profession , if he has practised it long enough , but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there , who might cheer you or boo you , but that was largely , though not entirely , up to you . They made the world seem friendly somehow , though he knew it was not . 7 , Wilkes was quite right about one thing . Laura Keene had been in the green room . The commotion had brought her into the wings . Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to Miss Harris , who had asked for it . She had been one of the first to collect her wits . It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience , as that they had been stunned already . Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless Miss Keene was on stage , there was not much to it . The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star monologue . The audience was fond of Harry Hawk , he was a dear , in or out of character , but he was not particularly funny . At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud . Meanwhile it looked at the scenery . `` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! ! Said Trenchard , otherwise Hawk . There was always a pause here , before the next line . That was when the gun went off . Yet even that explosion did not mean much . Guns were going off all over Washington City these days , because of the celebrations , and the theatre was not soundproof . Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box . `` Sic semper tyrannis '' , it said mildly . Booth had delivered his line . Behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke . They strained forward . They had not heard what had been said . They had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily . The figure leapt from the box , almost lost its balance , the flag draped there tore in the air , the figure landed on its left leg , fell on its hands , and pressed itself up . Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings . His speech faltered . He did not lower his arm . The figure was so theatrically dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one . The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon . This figure looked like the slave dealer from that . But it also looked like a toad , hopping away from the light . There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them . Then it disappeared into the wings . Harry Hawk had not shifted position , but he at last lowered his arm . Mrs. Lincoln screamed . There was no mistaking that scream . It was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do . Yet this scream had a different note in it . That absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water . Clara Harris , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water . Her action was involuntary . When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man . Mrs. Lincoln screamed again . In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! ! That got everybody up . On the stage , Harry Hawk began to weep . Laura Keene brushed by him with the glass of water . The crowd began to move . In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots , and one death might attract another . It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there . The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincoln's weeping . At the rear of the auditorium , upstairs , some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor . It would not give . A Dr. Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box . In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water . Someone opened the corridor door from the inside , and called for a doctor . Somehow Dr. Charles Leale was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor . He went straight to the Presidential box . As usual , Mrs. Lincoln had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now . There was a little blood on the hem of her dress , for the assassin had slashed Miss Harris's companion , Major Rathbone , with a knife . Rathbone said he was bleeding to death . By the look of him he wasn't that far gone .
means in bad taste.  Halting for an instant at the foot of the
partnership."
but the odd thing was that the echo was not in the least like
thee; the desire of our soul is to thy name, and to the remembrance of
Enter Queene and Polonius.
and the lovely plumage of the bird that never alights; less
    swim with thee,
in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: 1:8 Who

Archer, who well knew the effect which the apprehension of a scarcity
32:7 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the
held _his_ breath. Bobby Coon, looking through a hole in a hollow stump
    pains, dismay, feebleness, it is bequeathing.)
"What a very ungrateful bird!" said the lords and ladies. "But it does

give a second look at them as they passed.  Poor fellow! I thought he
We have never been there above once since the new approach was made;
If thou beest slaine, and with no stroake of mine,
seemed no otherwise intelligible; and with this impression
with Abigail, to take her to him to wife.
and unsisterly as Elizabeth, nor so inaccessible to all influence of hers;

must all wait, and every projected party be still only talked of.
the try-works, from which the huge pots had been removed.  You would
They are seen only as a nuisance, swept hastily off,
come against Israel in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and
The two parcels were exactly alike, both of them well tied up with good


might be expected back.  At ten o'clock, she trusted,
3:27 Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his
"The ship!  The hearse!--the second hearse!" cried Ahab from the
one subject always to be recurred to by the ladies in case
Fountains, and ye that warble, as ye flow, 
But Harriet was less humble, had fewer scruples than formerly.--
Why should the mistress of the vales of Har, utter a sigh.
   Messa. Is not that he that lyes vpon the ground?
45:6 Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy

Choral or unison: of incense clouds, 
jolly well minding your own business?  Just you stand up and
the whale swimming out from them, turned, and showed one entire flank

extraordinary affair that occurred about five days after.  There
the hope that he would ruin himself and give them a chance to seize the
all the songs in the world.  Forgive me for my hastiness this morning.
the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king,

coat; here it is for you."
It was the choicest gift of Heaven; and Anne viewed her friend
38:1 Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of
ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and
    beautiful,



Without our hazard, labour, or alarm; 

122:8 For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, Peace be
precious ointment, and all the house of his armour, and all that was
of each observing friend.  Marianne could never love




time.  Now if we might go up the hill, and put the stones behind the

back-scene for them, but I always have a kind of feeling that they


was building at his master's, to come and give his opinion, whether their

forehead through the ocean, and trailing after him the intertangled
high priest so?  18:23 Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear
about in the wood, 'is to grow to my right size again; and the second
Next morning Stubb accosted Flask.
oppressed.

"As a delicate white hand has ever been deemed a distinguishing ornament
     and the lock of my hair which is in your possession.
The great chastity of paternity, to match the great chastity of maternity,
ever?  knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end?
anyrate.
neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear: 59:2 But your iniquities

Who sees thee? and what is one? who should be seen 



thy people Israel, and gavest it to the seed of Abraham thy friend for
be interrupted, curiosity could not be satisfied by a bride in a pew,

not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house, and it shall be

Chuse your own degree of crossness.  I shall press you no more."
Sea-beauty! stretch'd and basking!
some old friends in Bath whom she wanted to see; it was thought
offer the young gentlemen two little worsted balls that she has worked
hast gained thy brother.

having cried herself to sleep; when, as they were going up their last hill,
place be forsaken?  18:15 Because my people hath forgotten me, they
Lucy directly drew her work table near her
he was going; he should get home as fast as he could."

very slow and hesitant.  "You see, madam," he said, "from outside
9:2 And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it
   Cassi. Fellow, come from the throng, look vpon Caesar
the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof,
Not physiognomy alone nor brain alone is worthy for the Muse, I say
Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a

Still, however, he was not happy.  Nay, he appeared so much otherwise,


"This need go no further here, M. Bert," he said.  "I need not
possibly do without her.--It is a sad change indeed.--But I hope
Evan's last appeal rang and died in the universal uproar, the
"Oh, God knows!" she cried.  "God knows that if there is a God He
Moses, Go in peace.
"Do with it?  Sell it for an ox whip when we get home;--what else?"
The waif-pole was thrust upright into the dead whale's spout-hole;

answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and
    are in the pageant-procession.
   Y.Sey. The diuell himselfe could not pronounce a Title
People I meet, the effect upon me of my early life or the ward and
will recompense, even recompense into their bosom, 65:7 Your
related.  Related slipped out by mistake; I beg pardon, my Lord John.

recovering herself, and determined to get over what she

"They are all very beautiful," said Evan, as if in doubt.
Her attention was now claimed by Mr. Woodhouse, who being,
Well, I never understood that Dreyfus case.  I can always grasp
So he put on a very cheerful voice, as if nothing at all were the
psalm of life as they had never heard it before; MacIan felt God
similar facts, which he had often heard his father mention in his

mine own.  Yet this is nothing: I leave eternity to Thee; for what
the whole length of the frontage.  Presumably, it was placed so that
struggle.  A short but nimble figure came along the woodland path
on a dark November day, a small thick rain almost blotting out

I jump from the cross-beams and seize the clover and timothy,
Surceased, and glad, as hoping here to end 

miserably.  By the merest chance the ship itself at last rescued him;
over the precipice.  Whatever is the meaning of this odd little nook
and attentive.
in my days.
8:10 And Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and
Where to lie hid; sea he had searched, and land, 
Since Nature makes them partiall, should o're-heare
what thou hast done; hide it not from me.


that no one ought to be judged or to be known by such testimonies,
And thus the Filial Godhead answering spake. 
while enjoying so unfair a division of his mother's love
14:27 And when they were come, and had gathered the church together,
nations and their gods?  7:24 For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy
went both of them together.
things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things?  11:29

towns, even three countries.
money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.
fallen, as she contemplated the purse.  "Certainly I DO long to see my
It did not express decrepitude merely, but corruption. Another
latter circumstance, with its own particular accompaniments, forming
great security, and there sleeps." --MONTAIGNE.  --APOLOGY FOR

25:23 And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men,
Why do'st thou leade these men about the streets?
unrighteousness is in him.
in every respect.  But happily Lady Dalrymple always chooses
   'In my youth,' said his father, 'I took to the law,
at any rate do not let them carry you far, unless you are persuaded
5:5 And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter
25:15 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the Philistines have dealt by
I am not the kind of criminal that `reserves his defence,'
Warble me now for joy of lilac-time, (returning in reminiscence,)
mistress.

variation of form, face, temper and understanding.

kept away by the indisposition of her youngest daughter;
not, in itself, have been sufficient for the delicacy of

new planet. This was mainly due to the insane yet solid decision of
But O the ship, the immortal ship! O ship aboard the ship!
down from the hill, much people met him.
and at the same moment Mr. Cole approaching to entreat Miss Woodhouse
(completely a gentleman in manner) admired her exceedingly.
With glory attributed to the high 

10:15 Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that
for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
Marianne moved to the window--
24:9 They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of

thy son David.
favourite, until the arrival of a new scholar of the name of Archer.
Lome, and why of that Lome (whereto he was conuerted)
the monster, knife in hand, he had but given loose to a sudden,
War! be it weeks, months, or years, an arm'd race is advancing to

one bended arm--"is it safe?"
might be very safely recommended to take Mr. Elton as a model.
Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.

because she had been their tyrant rather than their companion.  She was
shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust upon their heads, they
18:23 Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one
wish with all my soul his wife may plague his heart out.
to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth
still slighter shuffling of women's shoes, and all was quiet again,
Put in April and May, the hylas croaking in the ponds, the elastic air,
22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he
fifties, and rulers of tens.
22:23 Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life
Of old Euphrates to the brook that parts 
provided by the owner, in the common indifferent plight,
before his servants, and it became a serpent.
that is upon the inwards, 3:15 And the two kidneys, and the fat that


I haue thee not, and yet I see thee still.
"Nothing remarkable.  One always knows beforehand what the dinner will be,
firewood; and he piled it all up solid against the door and round the

}  Full of Life Now
him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
Till Adam, though not less than Eve abashed, 
course--"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why, that must be what he
follow me.  You may tell me your story as we go along.
something still more valuable, I mean that _has_ _been_ more valuable,
38:9 Lord, all my desire is before thee; and my groaning is not hid
height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed
25:31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work
vindictiveness against the whale, all the more fell for that in his
at that prodigy of plumage.  I cannot tell, can only hint, the things

119:117 Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect
scarcity, were highly appreciated by numismatic collectors.
with him, keep alive for yourselves.
But heere I am, to speake what I do know;
"Will you permit me to say," said Turnbull, after reflection,

to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.
involuntary whaleman; at any rate the whale caught him, if he did not
bearing high in the air upon his back the terrific wreck of the
times been still more fatal; all its loadstone virtue being
carried between them. Then some pretty ladies, with white caps on their
32:14 And, behold, ye are risen up in your fathers' stead, an increase
Ammon; 13:11 And Gilead, and the border of the Geshurites and
who is the son of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break

"Where do you expect to go to, cook?"
lifts this arm?  But if the great sun move not of himself; but is as an
15:10 And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be
Omitted, all the voyage of their life,
66:15 I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the
buy none of our fish--what then?  Are there no trades but that of a
whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance.
the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they
I know every one of you, I know the sea of torment, doubt, despair
had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the
own hands the tackling of the ship.
craft!" *  "So this is the meaning of his burnt almonds gratis," cried
than anything of that kind could ever be.  Because, though he cast
throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and
15:12 And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold
when he was a child.  "Ay," said they, as he went by, "his father


sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before
she spoke.
22:32 And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw
and I dare say she may have made out a very good list now.  But I
An unceasing death-bell tolls there.
of childhood.  A large debt of gratitude was owing here; but the
make up the whole sum necessary to pay for a substitute.  "If that could
covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.


Satan, whom now transcendent glory raised 
Of Hermes, or his opiate rod.  Mean while, 

hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat
          no additional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the
sisters that he really believed there was no material
herself again, "Now, Edward," said she, calling his attention
harpoon burned there like a serpent's tongue, Starbuck grasped Ahab
And I will seeke for Pindarus the while:
   3. The Noble Brutus is ascended: Silence
    twilight,
10:18 No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have

17:5 And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall
carrying in a heavy flower pot, when his mistress crossed the hall.
dead, she mourned for her husband.
God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.
Cherub and Seraph rolling in the flood 

    prosperity only,
7:21 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt
your gloves which I asked you that night to let me mend.  I've been a
but not to Anne.  She could think only of the invitation she had
    lethargic, basking,
the sight of Mr Elliot; and yet she could assume a most obliging,
sank in a shower of flakes, leaving the circling surface creamed like

lance, when the former one has been badly twisted, or elbowed in the
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there's the
neighbour's wife, neither hath come near to a menstruous woman, 18:7
devil _you_ mean."
dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon
2:13 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his
Of old Olympus dwellest; but, heavenly-born, 
Dash'd pell-mell by the blow--yet usher'd life continuing on,
22:24 I was also upright before him, and have kept myself from mine
their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and
nearest seaman.  "The crew alone now drink.  Round with it, round!

a much better pudding, if exactness only were wanting."
lofty shoulders for a pedestal.
anger, as another bottle burst at the moment.  "What do you stand there
Hal ran downstairs in such a hurry that he forgot his bow and arrows.
To cultivate a turn for carpentering, plastering, painting,
25:13 And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and
can be good enough for her.  However, I don't think


 
"There," said Frederick, "we have sent no answer all this time.  It's

"Oh yes!--that is, no--I do not know--but I believe he has

After being long fed with hopes of a speedy visit from Mr. and

abomination of the children of Ammon.
Winne vs with honest Trifles, to betray's

machinery was as helpless as it was pitiless.  A little patient
55:7 Lo, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness.
spoke her feelings in an exclamation of tender concern,
active patroness of Jane Fairfax, and only sharing with others in a
Allured them; thence from cups to civil broils. 
shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening."
they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the
the only begotten Son of God.
take care of _them_."

but its note was rather that of the modern than the Elizabethan captain.
as to show she understood it.  Mr. Palmer looked up
When time shall be; for so I undertook 
not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the
during the last month, to Miss Smith--such attentions as I
is eating a mince pie, or whilst she is playing; but how does everybody's
And now came the grand pleasure of carrying it to his mistress.  She
to read the awful Chaldee of the Sperm Whale's brow?  I but put that
for Bath again, Emma, to dissipate some of the distress it occasioned,
could make noise enough at home.  On every formal visit
4:6 For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is
  Macb. Hang out our Banners on the outward walls,
   Ham. How say you then, would heart of man once think it?
the LORD shall fall therein.
judged Israel forty years.

they will lament thee, saying, Ah lord! for I have pronounced the
It was in view only long enough for the priest to see that,
meet more travellers than in any other part.
had that moment fallen out of that impossible sky.
cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon?  51:10 Art thou not it which hath

(Incurred what could they less?) the penalty; 
6:18 For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have
Which the false man do's easie.
and on this head I shall be no more disposed to question
according to the promise.
The wild figure turned towards Syme, and seemed to be gathering
With saner wars, sweet wars, life-giving wars.
for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?  8:9 If she be
The event, however, was most joyful; and every day was giving her


10:13 Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I will

fruits thereof: 23:11 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and
"I suppose we'd better follow him outside," he said.  "I don't want
It stood the record of many sensations of pain, once severe,

this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the

and not in the least likely to afford them any pleasure.
friends here, always acceptable wherever he went, always cheerful--
19:17 And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed

and pins with improvements; and if everything else was done,

27:11 And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is

Of torrent floods, or of a numerous host. 
this must have seemed to him tantamount to larceny in the first
other people who are smart too," said Buster Bear, and still chuckling,
as a mere error of judgment, of knowledge, of taste, as one proof
     The true realities, eidolons.
To ascend, to leap to the heavens of the love indicated to me!
paying and being paid.  The act of paying is perhaps the most
And plunge us in the flames; or from above 
2:3 When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and
Eleves, I salute you! come forward!
Into the thickest wood; there soon they chose 

was delicate in her own health, over-careful of that of her children,
slowly and distinctly, and two or three times over, with explanations
which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it!  26:18 Now shall
hath not been wrought with, and which hath not drawn in the yoke; 21:4
of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes,
parting, "If Mrs. Theresa Tattle should ask you to come to her, do as you
11:30 Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of
him?" he demanded.
caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel and the whole house
But in order to insure the speediest end to the voyage, they all
wound by a sword, and did live.
good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.

the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their

whale must be alongside.  As we glided nearer, the stranger showed
3:23  And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto
3:19 And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into
be naked, and destitute of daily food, 2:16 And one of you say unto
thee to perish out of the countries: I will destroy thee; and thou
why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
when once thou art angry?
Damascus.
nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
months at the park, and to assist in the due celebration


"Fiery pit! fiery pit! ye insult me, man; past all natural bearing,
whale's head?  For even when tranquilly swimming through the mid-day
they had played together when children. But he remembered that he
To serve him better:  Wise are all his ways. 
That he which hath your Noble Father slaine,
tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those
be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine
Frank Churchill's little inclination to exclude himself increased

What are you doing young man?
26:4 And the priest shall take the basket out of thine hand, and set
6:9 Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful
so as in the act of coiling to free it from all possible wrinkles and

I. The Absence of Mr Glass
34:27 Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of
Their flesh has the old divine suppleness and strength,
of thy glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.
deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered

for the damsel's father had said unto the man, Be content, I pray
crowned with a thicket, crawled through it, scratching their
can long endure so wide a chase, and so remorseless a havoc; whether
prosperous breezes, the Town-Ho had all but certainly arrived in
24:12 And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them out from
22:38 I have pursued mine enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not
Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

if he did.  Miss Harville only died last June.  Such a heart
what becomes of myself.  I suppose I'm to be given up as a ringleader.
to him, and told him he had done his duty."
with a kiss?  22:49 When they which were about him saw what would

wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will
89:44 Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to
11:19 And when even was come, he went out of the city.
Mr. William Power, laying his hand upon the table, cried, "Stand still,
were come, and "grieved" not to see Miss Sophy along with them.  Marianne
Light out of darkness!  Full of doubt I stand, 
Among the Spirits beneath, whom I seduced 

so, with intertwistings of twine.  This done, pole, iron, and
ship.
not so yesterday, I think.  The clouds seem parting too,
upon the altar round about.
shall they not both fall into the ditch?  6:40 The disciple is not

24:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 24:2 Command the children
Your friend Harriet will make a much longer history when you see her.--
but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?  22:8 And Abraham said, My
     7
(Passionately seen and yearn'd for by one poor little child,
drop into his pocket; when, lifting up his box by the leather straps, he
8:18 Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face
talk as fast, and admire what she admires as rapturously



Had fought in the ranks--fought well--had been all through the
(Nor for you, for one alone,
3:3 These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were
forbid; thou shalt not die: behold, my father will do nothing either
I never from thy side henceforth to stray, 
ignore a definite commission from a lady.  As to old Seymour,

O pardon me, thou bleeding peece of Earth:
Perpetual circle, multiform; and mix 
give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be


taken one of its perverse and catlike jumps into mere screaming
142:6 Attend unto my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me from
seconds carrying the sword-case, but two of his servants carrying
thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee.
escaped said, Let me go over; that the men of Gilead said unto him,


    cleaning,
could not bear the idea of her stirring out of her house in the fogs
the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.
35:15 I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising
scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer.
hear the event of the present trial.
the four corners that were in the four feet thereof.
spot. Then I can understand in a jiffy. Show me the cage."
a circumstance occurred--an unlucky circumstance, to ruin
   Lady. What doe you meane?
"The world has gone mad," said MacIan, "and it has gone mad about
thine house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the
"But if you don't teach him better now he is a child, how will he know
Of bliss on bliss; while I to Hell am thrust, 
unto him; and let seven times pass over him.
20:34 So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no
important principles affecting the growth of those vegetables, he
families in some way or other.  But a farmer can need none of my help,

layers; and even the head of the tree was above it in the

The Handle toward my Hand? Come, let me clutch thee:


and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say unto
waste none. If you reach it before the last stroke of midnight, I will
me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.
9:39 And Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with
beating some, and killing some.
LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
this acuteness at all successful in the end, the wind and the sea
have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he
altogether vain?  27:13 This is the portion of a wicked man with God,

thought that in pious Bildad might be found some salvation, spite of

was over, "and very likely MAY be out of repair; but to hear
equal: but as for them, their way is not equal.
'Tunes sweetest his love-laboured song; now reigns 
Yet giving to make me glutted, enrich'd of soul, you give me forever faces;
 


dwelling place, and maintain their cause, 8:50 And forgive thy people
    
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave

like his, without seeming to see anything all the while."
And the daylight o'er the pavement quite has faded,

Said he, with one thrice-acceptable stroke 
Hated tyrants, argued not concerning God, had patience and indulgence
given to me of God, 15:16 That I should be the minister of Jesus
name 'Alice!'
Their nakedness with skins of beasts, or slain, 
Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it
the which thou hast laboured: 62:9 But they that have gathered it
"So it is, so it is; if we get it."
reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was
passed his lips, when Hardy sprang up, and began dressing himself without


By younger Saturn: he from mightier Jove, 
Rocks, dens, and caves!  But I in none of these 
39:3 And all the princes of the king of Babylon came in, and sat in



   Cassi. No, Caesar hath it not: but you, and I,
also to illuminate the solemn churches that preach unconditional
It appears to me I am dying.
his heart lest this might prove but too true, the captain a little
evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword.

whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.
the city of David: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.


not only growing dreadfully in debt, but was hearing of it so often,
Endued with various forms, various degrees 

abstracted man alone; and he seems a wonder, a grandeur, and a woe.
burghers of Calais before King Edward, the six men composing the crew
occasion of his carrying through a resolution to do right against
"What, what?" he cried seeming galvanized into sudden life.
Frequent and full. After short silence then, 

By God, you shall not go down! hang your whole weight upon me.
hands, neither would he have shewed us all these things, nor would as
for her life to do him good.  Anne saw them wherever she went.
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every

to be very often walking out with them--for Colonel and Mrs. Campbell
gushed out.
the true sayings of God.
For the mediaeval ages and before the mediaeval ages,
14:6 A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledge is
commanded thee to hide there.
damsel no sin worthy of death: for as when a man riseth against his
"Fly at once. The truth about your trouser-stretchers is known.
you're a visionary kind of fellow--and then we drank a great

of an unclean thing nor the dread of a dangerous one, but was a
bar of grey was split with a sword of silver and morning lifted
landed with bursting lungs upon his feet, while Queequeg, turning his
Shall be the execration: so, besides 
1:10 For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover


12:43 And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them,

3:10 Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young
PRAISES UNTO THY NAME, O MOST HIGH:
sixty-five days and nights was before him; an interval which, instead

of your faithfully keeping this secret, because you must
I have perceiv'd that to be with those I like is enough,
household.
Of these years I sing,
ruthless crew and every hour passed by ruthless hands, and through
"You must be ghastly strong," said Turnbull.

the LORD's tribute was threescore and one.

passionate plumage.  Its stars were not above but far below, like
Now, mark.  Unerringly impelling this dead, impregnable, uninjurable


in the sight of all Israel.

21:3 And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath

I was in such a hurry to get them.  The boy who had them to sell was very
10:18 For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the
24:26 Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the

the thirsty to fail.
is not...that it is not in the neighbourhood of..."



  Macb. He does: he did appoint so
   Macb. Go pricke thy face, and ouer-red thy feare
prepare the way before me: and the LORD, whom ye seek, shall suddenly
"I have no gold," said Fisher, "and I don't know what you mean by 'so

congregation.

Alexander died: Alexander was buried: Alexander returneth

an intimacy with that gentleman, and promoting the marriage
chosen, that there is none like him among all the people? And all the
prophets.
bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall burn
army, as one that comforteth the mourners.

Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses

Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty captivity, and
25:9 Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to
and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in
hell does all this nonsense mean?"
it The valley of Hamongog.
Was somebody asking to see the soul?
transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?  6:8 He

the law of her husband.
Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine,
16:21 Thou shalt not plant thee a grove of any trees near unto the
CHAPTER 35
O a Pit of Clay for to be made,
"Sing, sir?  Do I sing?  Oh, I'm indifferent enough, sir, for that;
49:14 Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:
time but a vacated thing, a formless somnambulistic being, a ray of
"Ay, in time; but it will be some time first.  There are a great many of
no more: he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry;

someone other than us, and even if what's wrong is not our
mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice.
that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and
7:17 Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.

To beare our hearts in greefe, and our whole Kingdome
106:30 Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the
Still the present I raise aloft, still the future of the States I
18:3 And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the
To flaming youth, let Vertue be as waxe.
And leans on a ponderous axe.
28:40 Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy coasts, but thou

   Laer. Lay her i'th' earth,
harps on the Sheminith to excel.
shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel:
Colonel Brandon's being thirty-five any objection to his
a very pleasant party, and feel extremely obliged to the kind friends


Which Gabriel spying, thus bespake the Fiend. 
He went off sulking, but more sheepishly than I had expected--
be months, perhaps, before THAT happens."
"The measure! the measure!" cried Ahab.
Why now thou dyest, as brauely as Titinius,
Towards noon whales were raised; but so soon as the ship sailed down
write a book for girls. Louisa was not very well, and she was very

to welcome him, with a look and manner that were almost easy,
colours rose the black bulk of the cathedral; and upon the top of
and Mr Elliot (always obliging) just setting off for Union Street
16:6 And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on

A mighty nation; and upon him shower 
mother," added Rosamond, stopping her as she was going out of the room,
it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people


 Where the Youth pined away with desire,
summons was delivered; and suddenly four men burst up from the


Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . Some vocational training schools provide such training , but the current need exceeds the facilities . Current programs The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $7 million to support , on a matching basis , state-administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home economics . Since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this Federal program . The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act . The Health Amendment Act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training . The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden Act . Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts . Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training . Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments . Today , Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education . The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades . During World War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training . The total cost of the five-year program was $297 million . For the Smith-Hughes , George-Barden , and National Defense Act of 1958 , the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $740 million . No comparable measures are available of enrollments and expenditures for private vocational education training . There are a great number and variety of private commercial schools , trade schools and technical schools . In addition , many large corporations operate their own formal training programs . A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions . The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . Employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training . Vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills . In most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities . In Arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses . In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent . An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . These schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts . Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts . Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs ; ; but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend , and evening extension courses also may be conducted . The Title 8 , program of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools . By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states . They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . An extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken . Relation to new industry Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators . A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere . A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees . The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled . Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being . Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry . The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant . Local focus of programs The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands . This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country . Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers . All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . The U. S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys . This procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment . Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary . There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable . Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . Proposals State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs . A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training . Again , one major difficulty is the local focus . A training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community . If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . Another problem is who will pay for the training . Local school districts are hard pressed financially and unenthusiastic about vocational training . Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it . Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it . State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs . If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities . A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps . A maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home . A program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor . Instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas , the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training . Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located . This would heighten possibilities for part-time cooperative , on-the-job and extension training . Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual . His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training .

captain's accoutrements; for I sha'n't pay the piper, I promise you,
say, he would then live without breathing.  Anomalous as it may seem,


Of wickedness, wherein shall dwell his race 

nothing.
anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of
hands unto.
great.
to speak of her. Sir Walter, Elizabeth and Mrs Clay, returned one morning
thee with her eyelids.



feet part of iron and part of clay.

journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other
punished by the judges.
under subjection to her."
some few miles in width (more or less, as the vein is presumed to
Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and

there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and
     another's.  Sincerely wish you happy in your choice,

These furies, elements, storms, motions of Nature, throes of apparent
Green Forest. It was hard to believe, but it was true. And right away
him that treadeth in the winefat?  63:3 I have trodden the winepress
    home, and the native of the Mediterranean voyages home,

answer thou me.
clouds whence that voice dropped like a wing.  High aloft in the
and telephoned for doctor and police.
The superior degree of confidence towards Harriet, which this one

adherence to all that his tutor had taught him to be his duty.  He hoped
stationed himself between the old man's knees.  "Then you heard MY sister
 
idolator.  So I kindled the shavings; helped prop up the innocent
side of the wide wooden hearth, was the windlass.  This served for a
in Mrs. Goddard's line, to have Mrs. Goddard's acquaintance.
fire-light or striking red sparks out of windowed houses, it had
 Love, sweet love, was thought a crime.

greenwood, but she was so sweet and kind that she came with them.
joint affliction, she put all the letters into Elinor's hands;
7:10 Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better

their style of living if they felt sure of a larger income,
king's sons.
squeezed his huge form out of the little door of the dwarf tavern,
is throughout a slatternly, untidy business.  But there is another
thy life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die
the towers thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and he brought

I believe, she never doubted his regard; and even now,
and returning the gun to the rack, he went to the deck.
troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the
battles.
Enter Brutus in his Orchard.
harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his


Balak, and thus thou shalt speak.
of the dead.


that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were

wine, or for strong drink, or for whatsoever thy soul desireth: and
Lizard's slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
Freely they stood who stood, and fell who fell. 
you may always go with one of my daughters.  I am sure
quarter:--Robert Martin is the man.  Her visit to Abbey-Mill,

She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 . The John Harvey arrived in Bari , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for Porto Nuovo , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor . Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth 29 on the mole . If anyone thought of the John Harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried . Which was poison gas . It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront . For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons . Throughout the early years of World War 2 , , reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia , Japan in China again . They were always denied . Influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns . Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first . To silence extremists , to warn the Axis , President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August : `` From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare . I have been loath to believe that any nation , even our present enemies , could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons . `` However , evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources . `` Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind . This country has not used them , and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them . I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies '' . The following month the invasion of Italy was begun , and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy . Bari was chosen as a depot , not only for its seeming safety , but because of its proximity to airfields . Any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne . It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below . So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey . A detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. Howard D. Beckstrom went aboard , followed by Lt. Thomas H. Richardson , the Cargo Security Officer . Secrecy was paramount . Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks . No one else must know . Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari . It was the night of December 2 , 1943 , and it was growing dark in Bari . It was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German Me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit . Capt. A. B. Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried . He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy . On November 24th , they had made a raid on La Maddalena . Two days later , some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie , sinking a troopship -- and it had been that very night that the Me-210 had made its first appearance . After it had reappeared the next two nights , Jenks went to higher headquarters and said : `` For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures . They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic '' . But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist . Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . True , there had been raids on Naples -- but Naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast . No , Bari was out of range . More than that , Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector . So Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances , and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him . For Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper . The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available . There were no R.A.F. fighter squadrons on Bari airfield . The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable . Telephone communication was bad . And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command . It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K. Vesole , in charge of the armed guard aboard the John Bascom . A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped . Then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers . `` This harbor is a bomber's paradise '' , the Britisher had said with frank grimness . `` It's up to you to protect yourselves . We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia , either . They're all being used on offensive missions '' . Vesole had been stunned . Not fire until the bombs came down ! ! He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head . Like hell ! ! Like hell he'd wait -- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out ? ? What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star ? ? Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put Seaman 2/c Donald L. Norton and Seaman 1/c William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette . Below decks , Seaman 1/c Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home . Above decks on the John Harvey , Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy . There were lights glinting in the city , too , even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible . Bari was asking for it , he thought . For five days now , they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold . Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded . He hoped they would put in somewhere way , way down in the earth . The burden of his secret was pressing down on him , as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men . Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs . They seemed happy at the delay in unloading , glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari . Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already . Deck Cadet James L. Cahill and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave . Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade . The other half of the crew , plus Beckstrom and his men , had remained aboard . Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio . The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette . Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver , and he glanced upward . His eyes boggled . It was a clear night and it was raining ! ! Capt. Michael A. Musmanno , Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula , had also seen and felt the `` rain '' . But he had mistaken it for bugs . Captain Musmanno's renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population . Musmanno was on deck . At exactly 7:30 , he felt a fluttering object brush his face . He snatched at it savagely . He turned the beam of his flashlight on it . He laughed . It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating . He frowned . But how could -- ? ? Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . It was two feet long . It was not candy wrapping . It was `` window '' -- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets , to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers . `` Fermate '' ! ! Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen . `` Stop ! ! Stop the engines '' ! ! Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari . They had come from airports in the Balkans , these hundred-odd Junkers 88's . They had winged over the Adriatic , they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her , attacking with deadly skill . They had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares . And they also had the lights of the city , the port wall lanterns , and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on . After the first two were blacked out , the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew , who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British MP's shot it out . In that interval , the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor . Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss . The little Unsinkable sank almost immediately . Captain Musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft . They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under . John Bascom went down early , too . Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly , but they had no targets . Most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares , and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs . Vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire . He was wounded , but fought on . Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors . Bishop rushed on deck to grab a 20-mm gun , pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One , Three and Five . Now the Bascom was mortally wounded . Luckily , she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt . The order to abandon ship was given , but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks .

anything else to find her, and stay near her, so he flew out into the
          or other equivalent proprietary form).
5:14 Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church;
Fins.  I give you infinite credit, Mr. Wheeler, for this dress.
"Pull up--pull up!" he now cried to the bowsman, as the waning whale
7:88 And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were
the children of Jacob, whom he named Israel; 17:35 With whom the LORD
   Cas. How now? What's the matter?
is because they know that whatever place they have taken a ticket
themselves to sound.
place.
churches as we went past.  At first, I felt a little dazed with

dippers; as the wind howled on, and the sea leaped, and the ship
95:5 The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry
coasts, men of valour, from Zorah, and from Eshtaol, to spy out the

spake.
compassed about seven days.
LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD
No teeth for th' present. Get thee gone, to morrow
chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther
Here the boys, with one accord, ran to the place where they had deposited
of stiff, high thorn-hedges, was so close under the pines and palisades
post-office.  He was but just in time, for the postman's horn was
"Are the children gone?  I must see them--send after them."

and rise up to the battle.
that line streaks him from stem to stern, with two separate colours,
thy name in vain.
Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?  1:7
5:13 And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted

Where herds of buffalo make a crawling spread of the square miles
had distinguished every word, was struck, gratified, confused,


her companion, was still under her care, and she was
The world of 1492, with its awaken'd enterprise,
And he went into the Pharisee's house, and sat down to meat.
whole air and demeanor, "he hisself won't go nowhere; but some
much fruit.
you may see all the carriages that pass along.
12:32 What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt
13:40 As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so
Wheel. (to Burs.) I beg pardon, Bursal--I beg pardon, ten thousand times.
bubbles: he took one quick look, and off he ran. But as he went, he
Yet the lilac with mastering odor holds me.
On his road homewards from Naples to the little village of Resina, where
brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising
fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be
You air that serves me with breath to speak!
gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and

day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the
Hebron for an inheritance.
way.  It became a custom with the children of the village to resort to
     M. Brun had become prominent by his proposal that the common

harmless officers, what was Sunday? If he had not seized the world,
called unto the porter, and said, Behold another man running alone.
13:32 If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in
16:14 Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and
    breast-bones, hell under the skull-bones,
strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that
conformity of judgment in all that related to either.
I see the porpoise-hunters, I see the whale-crews of the south
whaler anchored, inshore, in a calm, and lazily taking water on
Queen said--'
Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD
This is a face of bitter herbs, this an emetic, they need no label,
for I trust in thy word.
which I command thee this day for thy good?  10:14 Behold, the heaven
near by, the scalding steam shot up into Ahab's bent face.
'It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice. 'Why, you don't even know

One day, Signor Camillo came behind Francisco, as he was drawing with
    young, old, it is the same,
34:28 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali, Pedahel
in that immediate neighbourhood, which, however, had not suited him;
sleeping-time, when they passed through it to their own peculiar
Emma was obliged to ask what they had told her, though fearful


lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not
write them upon the table of thine heart: 3:4 So shalt thou find
   Macb. Saw you the Weyard Sisters?
Great Britain in general, and their friends in particular, that they have
edges are all yellow! you can see the copper through it quite plain.
Creeping thence steadily up to my ears and laving me softly all over,
not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?  8:20 To

   Volt. In that, and all things, will we shew our duty
the hands of about four intermediate officials, and was suddenly
Ordain them laws; part, such as appertain 
narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories,
consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the

extended to the advanced age of forty."
    the Form complete is worthier far,
nor for princes strong drink: 31:5 Lest they drink, and forget the
certain lonely field, and there divide their booty.
in front of him.  He could see nothing in front but the twin sombre
that's it.  You can't be angry with bad men.  But a good man in the
"Hast seen the White Whale?"
3:33 For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.
tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and
a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.
travellers in Lapland, who refuse to wear coloured and colouring
   Nor sit in learning's bower,

"You are very kind--but you are mistaken--and I must set you right.--
Shaphan, and Zedekiah the son of Hananiah, and all the princes.

41:9 Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the
hair, made me look a perfect little devil. As I say, it was simple
pursue with moral courage and quiet intellectual pressure, the
And makes each petty Artire in this body,
    it pours in the great sea.
You serue Octauius Caesar, do you not?
after, you may be sure, as fast as _he_ could. As soon as they were out
large; but considering that I was used to the sea, could steer a
life--your opinion on that point is unchanged, I presume?"
unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them;
16:14 Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they

of his eyes overpowered her.
first floor back, with his harpoon in his side; ever since then I
to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their
the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our

8:12 I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were
6:2 Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD's controversy, and ye strong
the top of swagger.  Muscari had an eagle nose like Dante;
Marked religious mania at early age----"
Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' . This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated , fast moving outfit specializing in skits , vocals , comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch . Show spotlights the Kings -- George Worth , Bill Kay , Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson , flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens . The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid . In the comedy division , the Kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props . Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick . Kings 4 , have rated as a popular act in Vegas and Western nightclubs . If they can't chalk up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are , and stick to our community singing , elsewhere Andy Bartha and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge . The Cumbancheros , Latin combo , open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club . `` Flip '' Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday ; ; same date , Johnny LaSalle trio to the Jolly Roger . Dick Carroll and his accordion ( which we now refer to as `` Freida '' ) held over at Bahia Cabana where `` Sir '' Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct. 13 . Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel . `` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren , Kay Martin , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says . We like Fike Al Fike , an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado , is currently pursuing the three R's -- rhythm , reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel . Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring . Newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano , Wes Robbins , bass and trumpet , and Jack Kelly on drums . It's a solid show but , except for some interim keyboarding by Ernie , it's Al's all the way . Maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality , and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience . He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal . New owners Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership . George Kissak is the bossman ; ; Terry Barnes has been named manager . Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job . Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp . Bandstand features Hal DeCicco , pianist , for both dinner hour and the late trade . The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing . Here and there Herbert Heilman in town for a day . Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain , Ohio , may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20 , date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise . Louise Franklin cornering the gift shop market in Lauderdale . Vivacious redhead debuts another shop , her sixth , in the Governor's Club Hotel this week . Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off . Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month , according to Hank Johnson . Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long `` festival '' throughout October , with special features . Don Drinkhouse of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist , Julian Gould . Two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ; Don , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since . Steak House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food `` Tex '' Burgess had to call the draft man twice in one day . ( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , peppery fare . ) faces in places Pualani and Randy Avon , Dave Searles , George ( Papa ) Gill , Al Bandish , Jim Morgart , Bob Neil at the Mouse Trap . Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshaw . Bea Morley , Jimmy Fazio , Jim O'Hare , Ralph Michaels , Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape . Murphy honors hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . Miss Murphy was born in Placentia , Newfoundland . Her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman . Fort Lauderdale -- The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday , Oct. 26 . `` Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet '' , of Monte Carlo , will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini '' . Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra . The series of ballets is sponsored by the Milenoff Ballet Foundation , Inc. , a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral Gables . Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : `` American Ballet Theatre '' on Jan. 27 , `` Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol '' on Feb. 2 ; ; Jorge Bolet , pianist , on Feb. 23 ; ; and `` Dancers of Bali '' on March 8 . Hollywood -- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9 , conducted by Mrs. Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale , Ala. , author , lecturer and library leader . The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building . There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building . Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library . At the workshop , Mrs. Schenk will discuss `` the board and the staff , librarian-board relationships , personnel policies , how good is our librarian and staff , how good am I as a library board member and how good is our library '' . Other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct. 5 ; ; Jacksonville , Oct. 6 ; ; Orlando , Oct. 10 ; ; Plant City Oct. 11 . Fort Lauderdale -- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St. Thomas Aquinas Monday . Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday , at Pompano Beach High Wednesday , and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday . The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms . Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ? More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife Lynn from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church . At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged . A young real estate salesman , Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force . He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing . Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism , but never felt there was anything he , as an individual , could do about it . When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it . The best approach , he figured , was to try to influence young people like the high schoolers he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church . And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity . So the Christian Youth Crusade against Communisn developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat enthralled at the four-hour program . This Sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by Kern on the world situation ; ; a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ; and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by Ted Place , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and Jon Braun , director of Campus Crusade for Christ . The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map '' and the movie `` Operation Abolition '' also will be shown . Response to the program has been so encouraging , Kern said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon . And to encourage other churches to try their own programs , Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations . The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week . Of particular meaning to the Charles MacWhorter family , 3181 SW 24th Ter. , will be the Family Dedication Service planned for 10:50 a.m. Sunday at First Christian Church . It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies . The first one , two years ago , changed the routine of their home life . `` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class . Until that first dedication service , he and Lois felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home . They have five daughters -- Coral Lee , 5 , Glenda Rae , 4 , Pamela , 3 , Karen , 2 , and Shari , five months . But after that service , they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table , have bedtime prayers , and Bible stories . To their surprise , the children all were eager and quite able to take part . Even the two-year-old feels miffed if the family has a prayer-time without her . Dade's chief probation officer , Jack Blanton , will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church . Mr. and Mrs. George Treadwell will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p.m. Sunday at Trinity Methodist Church . He is the sexton of the church . A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. . The outstanding family of Central Nazarene Church will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10:45 a.m. Sunday service marking National Family Week . Every family of Riviera Presbyterian Church has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate . To start the week of special programs at the church , the Rev. John D. Henderson will preach on `` A Successful Marriage '' at 9:40 and 11 a.m. Sunday . New officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p.m. service . A father and son dinner sponsored by the Men's Club will be held at 6:15 p.m. Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p.m. next Saturday . The week will end with the Rev. Mr. Henderson preaching on `` The Marriage Altar '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday , May 14 . The resignation of the Rev. Warren I. Densmore , headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove , becomes effective July 15 .
2:7 And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter:
wanted."  Then, after a pause, he said, drawing in the sand with
his eyes were still fixed on that floating ball of gas, which in
the washing of cups, and pots, brasen vessels, and of tables.

his, with his hand in his pocket, and on the handle of his loaded
itself, in order to keep out this frost?
When Mr. Spencer came to examine the pantry, he found the large salvers
"For my companion tells me," said she, "that I absolutely promised
Nor changed his course, but through the shaggy hill 
these for young and old.  No one gets into mischief that has pleasant
for the Admiral had made up his mind not to begin till they had
never known to miss before; and Mr. Perry had remonstrated with him

    Texan ranch,
 
7:20 And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest: 7:21 (For

broken, and become loathsome.
and Elinor's heart wrung for the feelings of Edward,
abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.

17:12 And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his
contemplating his own amputation.
smoked happily to heaven.  But now he knew that he was in the
her commands, and faithful care of all that belonged to her.  At the same
country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with



"Conjecture--aye, sometimes one conjectures right, and sometimes
Under whose conduct Michael soon reduced 
And what she did, whatever in itself, 
hear the word of God.
FOLIOS.  Among these I here include the following chapters:--I. The
Where band-neck'd partridges roost in a ring on the ground with
Commonly Called:
a woman feels in the society of one of her own sex, after being used
good piece of land with stones.
about a double handful of shavings out of his grego pocket, and
of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 7:56 One golden
his court, in hopes of obtaining his favour.  Of the agency he flattered
36:36 Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I
endureth for ever.

3:18 And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make
of the wall, for the sturdy figure of their runaway principal
before Mr Elliot or any of them seemed to feel that he had been there long.

judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid
came forth out of Egypt.

The attorney stood unmoved; he pulled up the head of the lamb, which had
shall clothe a man with rags.

be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and
till I make thine enemies thy footstool?  22:45 If David then call him
tree extended its branches." --DARWIN'S VOYAGE OF A NATURALIST.
       Lived in her shnug ould house.
manufacturing stages, is the worst.
"Oh," interrupted a number of voices; "but he is not a tyrant--is he?"
destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other


4:5 Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from
he would not come.
written in this book of the law: 29:22 So that the generation to come
13:19 And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly

Star interposed, however small he sees, 
29:9 And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall

but my face shall not be seen.  But I cannot completely make out his

she called very loud, but Louisa would not turn back; she was running to
hall would be a charming place for music.  Bab brought in harps and
28:1 In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first
great, the teacher as the scholar.
CHAPTER 27
On all deseruers. From hence to Envernes,
Sprung from neglected loue. How now Ophelia?


In other part the sceptered heralds call 
known the back of the world. We see everything from behind, and it
}  Hast Never Come to Thee an Hour
Who I my selfe struck downe: and thence it is,
Delighted, but desiring more her stay. 
with a pencil. It was arranged like a printed catechism, with


"And when is Miss Fairfax to leave you?"

imagination had already given her such instinctive knowledge.
virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee, and laughed thee to
8:16 The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour.

I must say, that if Edward does marry this young woman,
So ordering:  I, with leave of speech implored, 
Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up
they want in England?"
take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and
     Some of the tales, indeed, are not fit for public print--,
before the LORD.
your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass.
of Israel.

streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness,
Two or three men, looking little and black like monkeys, leapt
shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in
for what is all this but assertion, and you shall have proof."
27:38 Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right
5:19 And it shall come to pass, when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth the
And with him horse and foot, and parks of artillery,
As most young candidates for the pains and penalties of whaling stop
hundred.
many who could not read heard it repeated with delight.  Crowds of
26:3 For thy lovingkindness is before mine eyes: and I have walked in
could think capable of accommodating so many.  Anne had
was destined to, what she was going to sink from, how she was going

could persuade such ignorance as theirs, and one after another they
     His clerical friend asked faintly:  "But how?"  And Greywood Usher
forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all
2:15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth
In all people I see myself, none more and not one a barley-corn less,
His companion disdained to reply.
this Tiger should eat me up, when I have just saved him from a frightful
_He_ shall look on at it."
52:24 And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and
Then I was very sore afraid, 2:3 And said unto the king, Let the king

view that the symbol of Christianity was a symbol of savagery and
a Spiritualist.

of the possibility that the whole was the extravagance of
the utmost coast.

it, sir, it can't stand a single term in law or equity."
Talks of his being going on so well!  How does he know that he is
of his confidence in me."
With Spanish hat and plumes, and gait inimitable,
Dr. Hutton's smile broke into a laugh which, short as it was, had
all very thoughtful and considerate; especially if I
world like this, by what sort of unaccountable tie he soon evinced
his pipe.  Lighting the pipe at the binnacle lamp and planting the
that I feel sure that here before me were assembled those, in whose
We rise up refresh'd, the night and sleep pass'd over, and resume our

cathedral!  Why, are we only going to Bristol to see the cathedral?  I
want of some filigree-paper, and, as her mother was going out, she asked
     And, sure enough, there appeared in the doorway a big white bulk
You remember, of course, that this place was forcibly annexed
two men?" said William.  "What are they going to do with DAISY?"  The two
saying, 1:2 Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of
tribes of Israel.
And mortal food; as may dispose him best 

His private tradition was equally wild and unworldly.  His
4:32 And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a
20:9 Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man
Churchill at all!
Though sleeping, where I lay, and saw the shape 
wolves in the woods; that it did not sound pleasant. Finally, his hand

"but by all means come into his study."
Perfume from battle-fields rising, up from the foetor arising.
gain the power of enlightening his untutored countrymen.  For at



been done--One door nailed up--Quantities of matting--My dear Jane,
Right away everybody began to talk at the same time. It was such a
44:31 The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself,
conscience without it, because you must know, Sir Arthur, the children in
No rest. Through many a dark and dreary vale 
8:12 And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I
for me; and therefore it is very much to be wished that Captain Wentworth
But the Marquis's morbid energy over-reached itself. Twice Syme,

smote it.
calves of the stall.
as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that
     Pennant:
pretend to be a little crab, and when he puts his paw in, I'll make my


a pigmy ale-house or eating-house, still allowed by the rich to their
than any of you; but I confess it does vex me, that we should be
sea, and twelve oxen under it.
headsman each of them belonged.
19:7 The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the
more extraordinary than the largest alligator.  It was nothing
"Well, then," cried Tarlton, giving his hand to the boy next him, then to
neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.

anyone at all, which will be the best possible beginning, at any
Reluctant, but in vain; a greater power 
that are consumed:) and let us send and see.
he is a buckler to all those that trust in him.
"You know I always cure you when I come.  How are your neighbours

18:22 For all his judgments were before me, and I did not put away his
stems of their pipes almost short off at the bowl, were vigorously
"Not the same instant; not the same--no, the doubloon is mine, Fate
they were never insulted by her real favour and preference.

heard his menial.  But presently, catching hold of the mizen shrouds,
body else.  _Perfection_ should not have come quite so soon."
Who have treated of man as the creature of politics, aggregates,

"I shall soon bring him over to Hartfield," said he, at the conclusion.
what looked like a ring of silver statues, like the little leaden

Forced I absolve: all my evasions vain, 
29:9 Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly,
16:4 Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god:
you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you.
night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
and she exclaimed, in a voice of the greatest emotion,
to them without knowing what he did.--Mrs. Jennings,
which make her unfit for company or conversation."
and glistening sand-hills, which the sinking sea had just bared
     Father Brown did not answer; indeed, he did not speak again,
garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.

 They stumble all night over bones of the dead;
be taken out of a madhouse, where we may smoke, to a jail, where
stands fairly balanced upon his palm, fifteen feet in the air.  He
but perhaps you are hardly worked up to them yet.  Let us confine
You have not known what you are, you have slumber'd upon yourself

not then wait by course: 5:12 Also the Levites which were the singers,
man's sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the
than she might have experienced in sitting at home;--
But you'l be secret?

Where the populace rise at once against the never-ending audacity of
I heard what was said of the universe,
that hour, as country gentlemen, after the same meal, take a few
old woman, he must have "broken his digester."
stroke: yet neither shalt thou mourn nor weep, neither shall thy tears
     All the pulses of the world,

spectators, the King kindly acquiesced in not having it displayed under
27:6 And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy

produced for a while; for when her spirits began to revive,
'In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round, 'lives
take what things of value they could to some distance from the dangerous
How often I think neither I know, nor any man knows, aught of them,)
to what she had been used to, that she must have good sense,
booty.
22:40 And when he was at the place, he said unto them, Pray that ye
cried Flambeau.  "The note is utterly wrong about the facts.
Thou, bathed, choked, swimming in plenty,
but he had a flourish and old-fashioned whiskers and moustachios,
that you need not be afraid of me.  Speak on.
but speaking in a voice that was all the more mysterious
the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he
his people.
contracting his spout-hole, with sharp, cracking, agonized
18:22 All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be
for (with a sigh) let me swell out the causes ever so ingeniously,
and always knowing her--I ought to have been more her friend.--

all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the country.
stand the rest, for they have plain wits; but he's too crazy-witty
36:31 And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their
First seen, or some renowned metropolis 
yet while his face seemed like a scripture older than the gods,
vicissitudes of the chase, there had been still another son; as that



who talks Greek and Latin as well as I do, is a fool after all; and that
And thou hadst not come to my bed

I know before the fitting man all Nature yields,
Of Paradise and Eden's happy plains, 
Speake man

when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of
of a black handkerchief investing his neck.  A confluent small-pox
Landlady.  My dear young lady, don't take on so.  (Aside.)  Now would I
east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and
O I mourn and yet exult, I am rapt with love for all,

those fanciful Japanese prints, where the snow on the mountain

an Anne Elliot, with the advantage of maturity of mind,

Lucy.  No, papa, I didn't mean about the law, but about the box; because,
and that she had very much regretted being from home,
that negroes made good cooks.  But somehow something in the contrast

man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence
 I dreamt a dream!  What can it mean?

The discord which befel, and war in Heaven 
bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good
Of two bright Cherubim; before him burn 
He stopped and wiped his brow as if he were literally doing heavy
that sashless window, where the frost is on both sides, and of which
We will put it by, that when he comes again...But it may
of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of

It was an awkward ceremony at any time to be receiving wedding visits,
Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from
of Queequeg.  Then all in one welded commotion came an invisible push

having the honour to be nearly related to the Joneses of Merionethshire,
lunch; but I am delighted to have someone to lunch with me. You
and solitude of Donwell Abbey.
rather, till she requested the confectioner, who had his private reasons

their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness upon them.
brought it to him.
And war so near the peace of God in bliss, 
renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and
throughout.
2:14 Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong

in his turn, for most resolutely and commandingly did he say,
was not the candlestick you found here last night," cried she.  "Yes,

Both their faces were tragic, but also cryptic.
51:33 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; The
me; and he shall make peace with me.

chief-mateship, had built upon her original grotesqueness, and inlaid
but a single woman, of good fortune, is always respectable,
25:42 And Abigail hasted, and arose and rode upon an ass, with five
1:11 Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked:

"Upon my word, Emma."--
When he is fit and season'd for his passage? No.
there any of those blinds of bone; no huge lower lip; and scarcely

were answered; because she believed them still so very
Enter Ghost againe.
(Take here the mainest lesson--less from books--less from the schools,)
hath sworn to David, even so I do to him; 3:10 To translate the
She assured him that she had not.
But, at last, he turned to his comrade, with a final sort of look

must know something of the curious internal structure of the thing
have known, all this.--I should have had no confidence,

to see Mrs Clay stealing a glance at Elizabeth and herself.
Should out-liue Caesar, we shall finde of him
wife, and her two sons with her.
the pit, and the men were about to let him down with cords, in the usual
sinners also love those that love them.
The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless thee.
unto death.
the Holy Ghost.
beginning on this earth."
in the discredit of it.
Unmindful of their Maker, though his Spirit 

sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands,

man. I do believe in humanity.  I do believe in liberty.  My father
minister unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister
13:23 Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto
the boat leaped on.

   King. Laertes you shall heare them:


"but it is not outside ordinary science or natural law for a family
foot, and the coverlid almost tied into knots, and the pillow a sort
21:14 But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour, to slay him
   Macd. Let our iust Censures
33:2 And he said, The LORD came from Sinai, and rose up from Seir unto

with Harriet."
for treasure, not to have a halfpenny at the last, to buy me tobacco!"
And seal thee so, as henceforth not to scorn 
from the Pope.  You are a nineteenth-century sceptic, and you are

have made a mistake about my garden? Do you think we could have put
was joy in Israel.
2:35 The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and
4:8 And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither
"Another time, Sir, I thank you, not now."
For when the Noble Caesar saw him stab,
22:10 And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said unto me,

For sake of that, my beauty, and that thou might'st dally as now
when anything was the matter, was indisposed; and foreseeing
17:23 And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he

impression, though she had expended on her some of her finest strokes of
"and most sincerely wish them happy."
power of enjoyment.  She was perfectly disposed to make
mill.
REPUBLICA DEL ECUADOR: QUITO.  So this bright coin came from a
is outside everything you talk about, outside the Cardinals and
an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom
than their own establishment could furnish, to carry round
I could only be certain that there was a preference--and a preference
the hungry. The LORD looseth the prisoners:

17:19 He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth
She is nothing to me, compared with you;"  and she was in full time
Demons and death then I sing,
hearkeneth unto counsel is wise.

To better life shall yield him: where with me 

7:22 And the LORD thy God will put out those nations before thee by
 I can lie down and sleep,
"He's cracked, Queequeg," said I, "come on."
Your exclamation is very natural."
anything could be easier than to strike a light again.*  The light
her repeating 'YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the
when I set him free from his cage?"


them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind,
The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale; and
been ninety feet long; for in the whale, the skeleton loses about one
    all falls aside but myself and it,
His name, and high was his degree in Heaven; 
18:33 And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in pieces, and
the last unto the first.

9:29 And he spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed
The whole of Lucy's behaviour in the affair,
Perceives that it waits a little while in the door, that it was
partial sunshine of a showery sky, and unable longer to bear
her leg or so.  And greater, by a great deal, the shame for them that
unto him.
motto always staring them in the face."  Ben, who was not so conversant
hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David,
and I have never been able to get it out again.  The more I think
upon a rock.
Now, upon his father's marriage, it was very generally proposed,
the context, means, that of all whales captured by anybody on the
to convince her that their father and Mr Elliot had not, for many years,

the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye
the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl,
[BOOK VI]
Nor, considered aright, does it seem any argument in favour of the
and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was
joyously exclaimed--
sturdily honest.  The servants we might corrupt; but even the old proverb
that had been--hard for him to bear.  `I did not make the allowances,'
whether she went or staid, prepared, without one look
21:5 And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our

5:15 And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in
and it was consequently soon settled that Anne should not go to Bath
     "I say there will be one thousand nine-hundred and ninety-nine
     The little man's voice changed so suddenly, he shut his hand
transgression against the LORD, (save us not this day,) 22:23 That we
  Hora. Now cracke a Noble heart:
And your poore Seruant euer
also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her
RECONNOITRE, and devise some method of guarding against this new danger.
and theatrical when attached to his dumpy figure, at once clerical
but she dispersed her tears to smile on HIM, and in her

our prayers; 1:3 Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and
23:12 And he said, Thou shalt no more rejoice, O thou oppressed
quarrelled; but they all agreed that in some unaccountable way the
to have a more yielding, complying, mild disposition than would suit
Darts his experienced eye, and soon traverse 
5:18 And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with
and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image,
sword cometh out of his gall: terrors are upon him.
breakfast.
monster's mouth, be it beast, boat, or stone, down it goes all
    you are alive or no,
"The mad doctors," said Turnbull, shortly.
obliged to settle it for them; Miss Elliot maintaining that Mrs Clay
extenuated, wherein he was worthy; nor his offences enforc'd,
24:2 And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre.

but indefatigable when once excited.  Leonora was proud; Cecilia was
grasped an Emperor's!"
Angel of Doom was beating a book in a pulpit.  It was a negro church;
we should go.
long. I seem to remember only centuries of heroic war, in which
Show'd to me--just to the right in the sky-edge,
and I am sure I sha'nt go if Lucy an't there."
1:6 Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not
So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants.
upright shall be blessed.
holds, even for a time.
6:16 And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and
the daughter of Zion, that bewaileth herself, that spreadeth her

Through a gap in the foliage there appeared for a moment one of those
Encouraged by this to a further examination of his opinions,
Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, 

and how little could the utmost of your single management
than on the preceding visit.  Elinor, confirmed in every

Israel, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume.

the king's companion: 27:34 And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son
father today, because I asked him just at the right time, when he had
egotistic eye on of the company saw the words, written in large
He supplies what wants supplying, he checks what wants checking,


Pequod that the monkey and his holder were ever tied together.  This
The field pavilioned with his guardians bright; 

   Brut. Doe you know them?
earth and heaven; and still the door he had flung open flapped
said Elinor, "in a total misapprehension of character in some
influence could prevail.  But Queequeg vowed a vow.  Alone in his
Of what use is it that you seek to become eleve of mine?
sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold.
saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.
them warm themselves at her small fire, and gave them a crust of mouldy
beautiful day and Little Joe knew it. But who wouldn't be in a rage if

"Then, what will you do with all your money?"
served groves and idols: and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem for
inverted order to their arrival, the canvas cloth was cleared, or
the cup of trembling, and wrung them out.


nothing to the boys, for fear it might be the thing would not take; and
27:9 Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet,
      Merry voice,
coins were very valuable as curiosities.  She recollected her father's
she will make no lasting blunder; where Emma errs once, she is in the


English cliff hung with their noisy load of life.  He had been
personal charms he had not required a second interview
the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses,
19:5 Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the

    nightfall! cast red and yellow light over the tops of the houses!
gardener.  "He is smart and quick enough, but he is always in mischief.

13:15 And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben
   Runs in blood down palace-walls.
ceaseless, devouring ocular study.  They had long coats down to
and make her rejoice to talk of it.  All that she could tell
   Guil. We both obey,
whose post was near the after-hatches, whispered to his neighbor, a
Curious envelop'd messages delivering,
"Oh, I don't mind'em, sir," said Archy; "I knew it all before now.
is the well-known illusion of speed on which I need not dwell.
and best of all creatures, faultless in spite of all her faults,
20:20 And he said, Thou shalt not go through. And Edom came out
11:10 If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can

whether she had not better leave them together at once.  But as she

When we meet you again you are saying that no one has any will to

E'en at the exit-door turning--charges superfluous calling back--

Shall ever here confront the laboring many,
the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite, 11:33 Azmaveth the
improved by some share of his frankness and warmth;
if he could, was already his!--Within half an hour, he had passed

1:12 Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself:


I give you myself before preaching or law;
2:13 Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full
The face withdrawn of its good and bad, a castrated face,
20:24 Man's goings are of the LORD; how can a man then understand his
The balm of life.  To whom our ancestor. 
Musgrove, take care of the others."
full of a furious query.  He found MacIan stalking moodily about
"Perhaps I express myself a little too lyrically," he said with

mouth shall not transgress.

(turning to Anne.)  "We had your sister's card yesterday,
136:12 With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy
6th Boy.  Order there, I am marshal.  All that have paid march off to the
great while about them; but are not they not very neatly mended, papa?

6:17 But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.
image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
I chant the chant of dilation or pride,
threw her altogether into an agitation of spirits
26:25 And his brethren by Eliezer; Rehabiah his son, and Jeshaiah his

therein, even they, and their children, and their children's children
needs go out of the world.
lump of couch-grass, with stones hanging to the roots, fell upon your
How quiet they breathe, the little children in their cradles.
offerings. And he offered the burnt offering.
And as the sleeping Soldiours in th' Alarme,
he could enjoy without any sort of exertion, he soon grew so fond of it,
of himself."

Wallowing unwieldy, enormous in their gait, 

4:5 Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of
ignominy reproach.
Now I haue taken heart, thou vanishest.
blundered most dreadfully.
What felt Elinor at that moment? Astonishment,
God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
Landlady (aside).  Madam, indeed! madam, forsooth!  Oh, I'll make her pay
him of half-remembered ugly tales, of some story about pennies
half of their beards, and cut off their garments in the middle, even
happy!"--
 Weave thy brows an infant crown
"I was told you knew his name," said the man respectfully.

2:3 A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the
sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.
it out of window--"He is full of monkey tricks."
thing that could be seen at the Army and Navy stores.  Then MacIan
He had just read Elton's letter as I was shewn in, and handed it


Unspeakable desire to see, and know 
she, looking first at her, and then reproachfully at Cecilia.  Cecilia

"I was not thinking of the ass, boy; I was not thinking of any ass, but
130:5 I wait for the LORD, my soul doth wait, and in his word do I

I that I should essay to hook the nose of this leviathan!  The awful
Elinor kept her concern and her censure to herself;

   King. But where is he?
been walking along a country lane with an easy and conversational
I perceive one picking me out by secret and divine signs,
Now I absorb immortality and peace,
It was Jem's business to feed Lightfoot, and to take care of him--a
barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy
to Camden Place to-morrow night? and that we were most particularly asked
witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this
borders.
20:28 Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over

but one.  Well, I was persuaded there were two.  How very odd!
Honoured by his great Father, and proclaimed 
"I never liked you so much before," said MacIan, in bitter
third mates, and sea carpenters, and sea coopers, and sea
might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
As in a waking vision,
following day to see a very fine place about twelve miles

was sick enough at not getting his peerage last year; he'd sack me by wire
and fifty feet in the air; careless, now, who rules the decks below;
Our happy state, under one head more near 
"And what did the Colonel say?"
afore it groweth up:
while their two fathers were engaged with each other, of introducing
mad, but the adventurer must be sane. The dragon without St.
Turnbull slammed the case to, almost smashing it, and said with a
had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and
sword in his hand only by a habit now quite hardened.
Marianne spoke inconsiderately what she really felt--
is my motto."
     Thimpin' his shoulders very bad
and their prophets.

His fallen condition is, and to me owe 
  Cas. Decius well vrg'd: I thinke it is not meet,
such as Mr. Knightley used even to the woman he was in love with,
plunge into the deeps, his entire flukes with at least thirty feet of
wheresoever any breach shall be found.
burnt upon the altar; as the LORD commanded Moses.
He asked me more than once if he could telephone for a lawyer
10:2 And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first

rewards of divination in their hand; and they came unto Balaam, and

above the ground.
5:40 And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.
church.
drawing near to Ahab's arm.
virtue of a large and liberal theme!  We expand to its bulk.  To
of Egypt. And for love of this friend, the king of Egypt had let numbers
"Not for the world," said Emma, smiling graciously, "would I advise

will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law
when perceived by his sister, to make her uneasy,
as he was sitting in his own dressing-room down stairs,
openly, triumphing over them in it.
 
somehow he couldn't get hold of it. Then there was another yell. If

Israel.
running to help and got laughed at again.
zoetrope of shadows.  Their feet, though beating the ground
thee, to drink it.
1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our
thereby.
18:3 I will call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall
17:16 But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear

11:25 And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against
Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary,

to going...No, Elinor, you cannot expect me to go there."
of a bitter cold morning.
interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the
frost-bitten nose.
and three--missed a glass one, two--missed a glass.'  And so on."
harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot.
to give her attention again to her father and sister, she had nothing
my intuition is. It has that sudden quality we sometimes feel in
sixteen miles twice over on such an errand; but there was an air

2:33 And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons



put to death.
his brethren, were twelve: 25:18 The eleventh to Azareel, he, his
"I rather hope to satisfy you both," said Emma, "for I shall do all
Long time in peace, by families and tribes, 
Your ambition or business whatever it may be?

(What indeed have I in common with them? or what with the
1:2 O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out
But of this tree we may not taste nor touch; 

With loaded arms I come, pouring for you,
found the same explanation.
Wee'l burne his body in the holy place,
and it was the discovery of what she was doing, of this very project
Art thou a Worm?  image of weakness.  art thou but a Worm?

   Bru. By the eight houre, is that the vttermost?
unto thee?  are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to
   Driven out, and compelled to the chaste.
and Edward spends half his time with his sister--besides,

wine.

16:34 And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms,

The man and one of the maids were sent off immediately

should come and hear Comrade Gregory saying to us, 'Be good, and
44:1 Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:
  Qu. But looke where sadly the poore wretch
anxiously; and when the moment approached which must point him out,
30:18 At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened, when I shall
Brutus is tane, Brutus is tane my Lord
The Master went on smoothly: "It was in vain for us to urge that
26:19 Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the

1:14 I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to


   Mar. How ist my Noble Lord?
Samaria, except the apostles.
26:8 The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth
have despised him half so much.  Confess, Marianne, is not
"Gladly," said the great fairy; "choose what I shall give him. I can

Enter King, Queene, Laertes and Lords, with other Attendants with
but all the rest of the family were again in their usual quarters.
statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according

For by now the original cause of the quarrel , Philip's seizure of Gascony , was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other . Even so , Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it . It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope . Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say . It was not merely a hunger for `` money , gold and precious objects '' that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end ; ; the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs . When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under Charles of Valois , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies . If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter , Agnes , to the son of the dauphin of Vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas , for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward , even though , as he admitted to the English ambassadors , he had been advised that the original cession was invalid . On the other hand , he did not want to offend Edward either , and he found himself in a very difficult position . On the surface , the whole question was purely feudal . The French were now occupying Gascony and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract . But Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason , and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France . Boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs , for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars , but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two . Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless . But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . This was Boniface's monumental tactlessness . `` Tact '' , by its very derivation , implies that its possessor keeps in touch with other people , but the author of Clericis Laicos and Unam Sanctam , the wielder of the two swords , the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection , the peer of Caesar and vice-regent of Christ , was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like . He was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives . This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre Flotte and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as Powicke calls them , who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne , the duke of Burgundy , and the count of St.-Pol . They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness , they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized . Boniface was later to explain to the English that Robert of Burgundy and Guy De St.-Pol were easy enough to do business with ; ; it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil . To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of Burgundy , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible . And yet he made no pretense about it ; ; when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already taken Normandy . Do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas possessions '' ? ? The Frenchman's answer was a terse `` Vous dites vrai '' . Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings . The English , relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill , were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home . The Scots had found a new leader in William Wallace , and Edward's yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy . He was unable to send any more help to his allies on the Continent , and during the next few years many of them , left to resist French pressure unaided , surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with Philip . The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English , for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans . These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole , but also directly involved the two Savoyards , Amadee and Othon . In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier , the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict . A second truce had been arbitrated in April , 1298 , by Jean D'Arlay , lord of Chalon-sur-Saone , the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies , and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon , Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition . But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy . Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but Othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability . The younger men , Vere , and Pembroke , who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend , Piers Gaveston , to nickname him `` Joseph the Jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before , and Hotham , a man of great learning , `` jocund in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself . But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent . This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could foresee that that would not be easy . Underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain , the king of France , in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate Scots . This was a doubly bitter blow to the king . In the eyes of those who still cared for such things , it was a reflection on his honor , and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects , who were already grumbling -- although probably not in Latin -- `` Non est lex sana Quod regi sit mea lana '' . Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities , and while the English , so far , had done no more than grumble , Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued . In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves . These chatty merchants made amusing and instructive traveling companions , for their business took them to all four corners of the globe , and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the Inferno will prove . A northern ambassador , willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open , could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia . They had other topics of conversation , besides their news from courts and fairs , which were of interest to Othon , the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country . Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; the Low Countries , where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson .
you may do as you please."
them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.
For euer knit
earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by
always been the optimist of the party, endeavoured to persuade the
detection.  He observed that the younger part of the community were
of the matter to care for company; and besides, you must
that were therein, how they dwelt careless, after the manner of the

even the woman with whom her sisters were staying,
Lady Middleton looked as if she thanked heaven
    the maize-leaf, the claim, the rude fence, and the backwoods village,



had not much to say for himself that was worth hearing,
I suppose, hold their tongues; but we gentlemen labourers if we get
hope she is well."
much better than his passion.  A poet in love must be encouraged in
in the same circle.  They were soon dining in company together
dexterously slices out a considerable hole in the lower part of the
between Paran, and Tophel, and Laban, and Hazeroth, and Dizahab.

leaving undone; and therefore had changed his mind about dying: he

Without thee neither all nor each, nor land, home,
to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and her king; and how
keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.
Where the city's ceaseless crowd moves on the livelong day,
have succeeded in fastening--at least, as well as the man at the
28:15 As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over

at the Cottage she had this spontaneous information from Mary: --
go over thither.
have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and
beds, since Mr. Bursal and Miss Bursal's come.

34:9 For he hath said, It profiteth a man nothing that he should
superficially even more startling.  The elderly and lethargic banker
I silently recalled the mysterious shadows I had seen creeping on
recollected perfectly that his father once said to him:  "Let everyone
Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay, looking down from the top of a tall tree,

therefore, must have some special origin, which is here pointed out,
that such a development of self, such a burst of threatening evil,


42:16 He measured the east side with the measuring reed, five hundred
It was most convenient to Emma not to make a direct reply to this
bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
utterly destroy, and sink a large ship; and what is more, the Sperm
All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they hiss and
habitation, or comply with the conditions of this provoking old woman.
pan." --LORD BACON'S VERSION OF THE PSALMS.
Then for the first time the other lifted himself from the edge of
storm-trysail was set further aft; so that the ship soon went through
7:23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face
people.
snap!
especially concerning the mystic modes whereby, after sounding to a

3:18 And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the
So by my former Lecture and aduice
thou art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings.
I won't bear it--I won't."

listened--"Here he is coming!  No--Yes--Here he is!"  And Mr. William
which a yoke of oxen might plow.
going on board the Pequod, looked around her for a moment, and then
probably of Oriental fabrication.  Altogether the man had something


his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same.

but his temper was cheerful and sanguine; and he might
23:14 Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the
Flask to "that whale," as he called the fictitious monster which he
ensample unto those that after should live ungodly; 2:7 And delivered
"Yes; it is about Miss Williams, I am sure."
is become like a stick.
For it the partial to the permanent flowing,
In the scrappy back garden of the MacNabs which ran down towards the sand,
subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I
Fanning their odoriferous wings, dispense 
5:23 Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's
Luther's strong hymn Eine feste Burg ist unser Gott,

how concerned Sir John and my daughters will be when they
2:12 And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not,
had been spoken of in Mrs. Ferrars's flattering language
until at last, when we had crested the sand-hills, Philip's patience
and the boys were all sumptuously entertained at the tavern at Salt Hill.

shall the trees of the land yield their fruits.
an affair of oil.  Besides, from the ashes of the burned scraps of
"Harriet, I will not affect to be in doubt of your meaning.
Look, he sees us; he kisses his hand to you; he takes you for my wife.
What should the Warres do with these Iigging Fooles?
hardly fifty years before the fine summer day when Flambeau and
4:17 Howbeit Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the wife

though, and there's a squall coming up, I think."
Unswerv'd by all the passing errors, perturbations of the surface;
ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.
when she saw him crossing the street to the house.
shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy
staring as the immense contradiction of the Cross; he remembered
And I will not make a poem nor the least part of a poem but has
loud as he could, that she might not hear, till the proper moment, the
Flatboatmen make fast towards dusk near the cotton-wood or pecan-trees,
astonishment, as I was turning the corner, I felt a touch on the
"Then make that sorry of use to you, Cecilia, and fix it steadily in your
Syme uttered an involuntary cry, and they all turned their eyes
captured whales, with the flesh perfectly healed around them, and no
10:5 These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not

it to be doubted that as such a procedure can do no harm, it may
Brandon appeared, to complete Mrs. Dashwood's satisfaction,
I hope I know better now, than to care for Mr. Martin, or to be

    inclusive and more resplendent,
28:19 All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by
"Yes, indeed!" cried his mentor with a sort of idealistic
Christ.
her somewhat snobbish pride in his success.  Muscari, with the illogicality
but Mrs Charles knows no more how they should be treated--!


Most like this dreadfull Night,
I must be on my guard not to encourage it.--It would be most
look at them, that Syme saw, with thunder-struck clearness, that
objects through your ears.  You would find that you could only
What day the genial Angel to our sire 
Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell , who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother , J. Hampton Monroe , and Mrs. Monroe . Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present . The bride's brother , Walter D. Monroe Jr. , will give her in marriage . In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. Walter Monroe ; ; the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ; and his brother , Mr. Wendell Jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston . Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man . Also present will be the bride's children , Joan , 13 , and Kirkland , 11 . Their father is Charles B. Armour . The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . Young Peter Wendell , a student at the Westminster school , has measles , and his sister , Mrs. Andrew Thomas , and her husband , who live in Missoula , Mont. , have a new baby . Their mother is Mrs. Camilla Alsop Wendell . Mr. Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . They will take a wedding trip later . ' back with the Met `` We are back with the ' Met ' again now that the ' Met ' is back in Chicago '' , bulletins Mrs. Frank S. Sims , president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation . The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May , and the board will sponsor the Saturday night , May 13 , performance of `` Turandot '' as a benefit . Birgit Nilsson will be starred . `` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. Sims . The board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry Belafonte -- `` quite off-beat for this group '' , decided some of the members . Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit . Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east . Parichy-Hamm Because of the recent death of the bride's father , Frederick B. Hamm , the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church , Forest Park . A small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel . Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach , Fla. , for the wedding . However , Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house . The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest . Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage . Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts , the Rush C. Butlers , the Homer E. Robertsons , and the David Q. Porters , will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses' home . Here and there The Chicago Press club will fete George E. Barnes , president of the United States Lawn Tennis association , at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow . Later , a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack Kramer's professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , Helen Tieken Geraghty ( Mrs. Maurice P. Geraghty ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair . Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , Mrs. Geraghty `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . `` We ( the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry ) expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities , and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts '' , explains Mrs. Geraghty . `` For instance , Djakarta , Indonesia , has three groups of dancers interested in coming here . I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! ! The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa . First , Honolulu Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty's first stop . Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakistan , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' . Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty's return ; ; the Geraghtys' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night . Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . Also , invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club . It won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world . The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the Byron Harveys will give in the Racquet club after the tea . Miss Abra Prentice's debut supper dance in the Casino will wind up the day . Burke-Rostagno The Richard S. Burkes' home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , Helen Lambert , and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college . He is Aldo Rostagno , son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe . The Burkes , who now live in Kankakee , are telling friends of the engagement . Miss Burke , a graduate of Miss Hall's school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl . Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Italian . He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in Wayne . Miss Burke will arrive in December also . Here and there A farewell supper Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sethness Jr. planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs. Giacomo Profili has been canceled because Mr. Sethness is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery . Mrs. William Odell , Mrs. Clinton B. King , John Holabird Jr. , Norman Boothby , and Actress Maureen O'Sullivan will judge the costumes in the grand march at the Affaire Old Towne Bal Masque tomorrow in the Germania club . The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town . Lyon around : Columnist Walter Winchell , well and rat-a-tat-tatty again , wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix , Ariz. , rancho , portable typewriter in hand . If W. W.'s retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . Pretty Sunny Ainsworth , the ex-Mrs. Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs. Bud Arvey , joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated , as a promotional copy writer . She's a whiz . You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18 , because that's the only time his heart , Lucille Ball , can come along . And watch for a headline from this pair any time now . The Living Room has another scoop : Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there , opening Jan. 22 . La Russell's run in `` Skylark '' , debuting next week at Drury Lane , already is a sellout . Johnny Ray , at the same L. R. , has something to cry about . He's been warbling in severe pain ; ; a medico's injection inflamed a nerve , and Johnny can barely walk . Charley Simonelli , top Universal-International film studio exec , makes an honest man out of this column . As we bulletin'd way back , he'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci , of the Golf Mag staff , in N. Y. C. today . Handsome bachelor Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood's glamor gals for years . George Simon , exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. ( Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St. Jude hospital in Memphis . There is no such thing as an `` emergency telephone building fund drive '' . The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids . You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas , Post Office Box 7599 , Chicago . So , if anybody solicits by phone , make sure you mail the dough to the above . Olivia De Havilland signed to do a Broadway play for Garson Kanin this season , `` A Gift of Time '' . She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris . Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby , Marty Melcher , drive in today from a motor tour thru New England . D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors . It'll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris' new one , `` Lover Come Back '' , and `` Flower Drum Song '' . Whee the People : Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby , Ray Lenobel's fur firm here . Typical touch : She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau , Jana Mason , also an ex-singer . In honor of the Wackers' new baby . Fur goodness sake ! ! Emcee Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is , `` Knight Must Fall '' ! ! Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation . It's one of our town's worthiest charities . Best Bet for Tonight : That darlin' dazzler from Paree , Genevieve , opening in the Empire room . Dave Trager , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers , is debuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn . Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . Nobody's mentioned it , but when ol' Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets , he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs , past and present : Yankees , Dodgers , Giants , and now the Mets . And Bernie Kriss calls the bayonet clashes at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate , `` The Battle of the Sentry '' ! ! The jotted Lyon : This mad world dept. : Khrush and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right . They're contaminating the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it ! ! More : On the free world side . Albert John Luthuli , awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles , has to get permission to fly to collect his honor . Hmpf But on to the frothier side Johnny Weissmuller , the only real Tarzan , telephoned Maureen O'Sullivan , his first `` Jane '' ( now at Drury Lane ) and muttered , `` Me Tarzan , this Jane '' ? ? Snapped Maureen , `` Me Jane '' ! ! Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor . Everywhere he went in town , people sidled up , gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel . He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone . `` La Dolce Vita '' , the dynamite Italian flicker , opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2 . My idea of masterful movie making . Bill Veeck's health is back to the dynamo stage , but his medics insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim . William keeps up with our town's doings daily , via the Tribune , and he tells me he never misses the Ticker . That's our boy Bill . Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the Twist . They'll start lessons , too , pronto . A cheer here for Francis Lorenz , state treasurer , who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies .

Levites, and all the congregation that came out of Israel, and the

departed.
   1. Stand too't
45:21 In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall
    Texas to Maine--the Prairie States--Vermont, Virginia, California,
Pampas, Nor'-Westers, Harmattans, Trades; any wind but the Levanter



tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of
the very words gave him a jar of unexpected truth; for in all the

but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time,
riggers, and after the Pequod had been hauled out from the wharf, and
They are ripening fast."
an everlasting covenant:
old cockleshell as that?  And yet here are two gentlemen
return to dinner, but with no more important view that appeared than
hell; it was Limbo.  He had one shock of sentiment, when he turned
1:1 There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that
picture be drawn?'"
deadly lances, strange, that I should shake so now.  Loaded?  I must
and a slice of that ham, if you please, ma'am.
God was upon my tabernacle; 29:5 When the Almighty was yet with me,


Boy, Lucius, Varrus, Claudio, Sirs: Awake:


"Pardon me," said the attorney, locking his desk, and putting the key
that--you must, oh, you must, and you SHALL do this thing."
the priest shall put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is


9:33 And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the
  Lady. Alack, I am afraid they haue awak'd,
shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you
What pleasing seemed, for her now pleases more; 
mill; and all the firstborn of beasts.
musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar
Lady P. (patting Violetta's cheek).  You are a little fool.  Miss Talbot

But this little pool, instead of being beautiful and clear so that
to meet Lady Dalrymple and her daughter, and Mr Elliot, and all
and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy, by her
be asked to make the eighth:--but this invitation was not given
Wildlife habitat resources In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing . Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses . This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 . The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment . The wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are : 1 . Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources . 2 . Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values . 3 . Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas . 4 . Develop wildlife openings , food patches , and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres . 5 . Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks , planting streamside cover , and constructing channel improvements . Protection The total adverse impact of disease , insects , fire , weather , destructive animals , and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized . They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses . The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet . If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies , sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952 . About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes . These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows , and upon the other renewable forest resources . The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services . This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations . In addition to direct protection measures , more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease . Protection from insects and disease In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period . This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection . The work will consist of : 1 . Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ; ( B ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ; ( C ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic . The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated . 2 . Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production . The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . 3 . Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites . 4 . Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses . Protection from fire It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands , all critical watersheds , and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads . This will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection . An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation . Meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for : 1 . Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards . This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort , detection , skilled fire-fighting crews , and equipment use . This will include a stepped-up program of training and development of personnel . 2 . Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely . 3 . Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas . This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment , and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration , felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas , prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres , removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres , and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks . Protection from other damage Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands . These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests . Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period . Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known . Roads and trails The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions . This system is divided into a forest highway system , administered by the Secretary of Commerce , and a forest development road and trail system , administered by the Secretary of Agriculture . Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests . In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads . These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another . Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed . It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests . In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails . These roads are largely of less than highway standards , and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests . Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture . It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis . The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection . It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds . The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as : ( A ) the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ; ( B ) the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ; ( C ) the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ; ( D ) the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire , windstorm , insects , and disease ; ; ( E ) the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals . The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible . Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years . Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve . The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services . For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands . Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails . About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads . About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000 . Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows : 1 . Complete the construction and reconstruction of about 79,400 miles of multiple-purpose roads and 8,000 miles of trails . This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities . Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber , but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices . 2 . Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period . Land adjustment , land purchase , land use Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular . In some units , National Forest ownership is well blocked together . In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership . Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands , there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership . One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land , or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land . Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands . And some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes , are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ; there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed . Lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States . The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands .
"Aha! you've not seen a place quite like this before, I fancy;
"Your command?--Yes."

    and gently and safely by day or by night,
8:33 They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in

therefore reversed the existing method, and people now have to
crossed swords with King Satan, and how you, Wednesday, named me
him that he would turn out like his father.  But Mr. Spencer always
a live tree, and you don't get this dust; amputate a live bone, and
fettered to a man for whom she had not the smallest regard,

they made ready, he fell into a trance, 10:11 And saw heaven opened,
shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.
I see what you do not--I know what you do not.)
supplanted; but this could not be expected to happen very early.
any rumours getting abroad of your intention; which must be contemplated
22:26 For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt
had had a decent education, was brought forward by some cousins,
when God has brewed them into a gale!  Woe to him who seeks to please
day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are
"Why, sir," said Price, "the land's mine, to be sure, for that matter;
called from below to tell me Mrs. Richardson was come in
but pardon me if I express some surprise at so unnecessary

neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! "William
the gush of dare-devil daring, so often evinced by others in the more
26:12 He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he
21:27 And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said
Here a great personal deed has room,
The little boy and girl loved to stand beside the good natured old
saints.
and was induced by the entreaties of both, though against the scruples
wonderously; and Manoah and his wife looked on.
their evil reverence for idle things.  He was right enough; for
To cut the Head off, and then hacke the Limbes:

to the butcher, and demanded whether he was going to DO ANY HARM to the
with a carpet of tender, green, growing things. No farmer's garden could
important interval was sailing down the Peruvian coast, when

   Ophe. There's Rosemary, that's for Remembraunce.
}  A Boston Ballad [1854]

}  Eighteen Sixty-One

Thou takest away all cheering light, all hope,
therefore: 2:5 Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their
ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and

"Quite out of the question, quite out of the question," he replied;--


speaking, be put away from you, with all malice: 4:32 And be ye kind
Susan was mending her father's linen, when Rose tapped softly at the

    shall be justified,
essential requirements of civil order: I have written leading

being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God,
7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains
     "Oh, stop it!" cried Greywood Usher, wringing one lean hand

Still though the one I sing,

all was over) concerning his own proper and private revenge upon the
rather an elaborate make-up. As to whether I'm an old man, that's
     4

all I want and get back to the Green Forest before there is any danger
    for?) to thee Columbia;
66:12 Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads; we went through
and melted into the twilight.
restored to Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof

furious combat in which both got three wounds in as many minutes,
Stood up--the strongest and the fiercest Spirit 
sheathed beaks.  On the second day, a sail drew near, nearer, and
congregation.
quantity, or rather weight, that oil, in its expressed state, is only
offered a prayer so deeply devout that he seemed kneeling and praying

where she could see all that passed at the open parlour-window.  The old
to taste the best of everything wherever I go; and, waiter, let me have a
fountain of the water of Nephtoah, and went out to the cities of mount
1828.
so spent was he by loss of blood, that he helplessly rolled away from


pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the
is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and
saith the prophet, 7:49 Heaven is my throne, and earth is my
towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and
Out of the teeth of Emulation.
Poor Giles was the same; and I think the atmosphere of coins
Jonah's purse, ere he judge him openly.  He charges him thrice the
Would quake to looke on. Soft now, to my Mother:

fond father and her pleased mother.
long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against
My aunt always sends me off when she is shopping.  She says I fidget
I see the tournament, I see the contestants incased in heavy armor
were more a matter of course.  Anne had always felt that she would
the card lay at the other extreme of the table, and he could read



Expecting the main things from you.
   Ham. Bid the Players make hast.
17:5 And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and
thing equal to the comfort and style--Candles everywhere.--I was telling
house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.
38:25 And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation
on foot out of the cities.

tiger?"
His crime makes guilty all his sons; thy merit, 

Bear with me then, if lawful what I ask: 
with you in the cool of the evening, and you shall show me your melons
throne be guiltless.

with repenting.
very well know."
the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship
the bay that looketh southward: 15:3 And it went out to the south side

first, that you may know how to manage your raspberries, and next,
in the two sides.
 
cannibals on board that craft, unless they previously produced their
 Cruelty has a human heart,
 THE SHEPHERD
 He becomes an infant small,
feeble.
"But, my dear papa, it is supposed to be summer; a warm day in summer.
Obtain; all thy request was my decree: 
streams.  Hence it is, that, while other ships may have gone to China

"Ao! Ao! Ao!"
ground, we'll have him back by Susan's birthday, and he shall sit here--
the height of the other chapiter was five cubits: 7:17 And nets of
The foreign servant lad, to whom Francisco had so honestly, or, as Piedro
"Pray, sir," said Hardy, eagerly, "let that meat be burned, it is
as at this day?  22:9 Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which was set
Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in


10:25 Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works
after an unprosperous marriage, to her father's house, with
to feel that I may deserve him; and that if he does chuse me,


recovered now.  Have you heard from Mrs. John Knightley lately?
practising Catholics, willingly undertook to represent that
Mr. Cole's; and without being able to forget that among the failings
Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood
This our high place, our sanctuary, our hill. 
not quite of human flesh--but of human intellect."
26:46 These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD
3:13 Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring
So faithful, love unequalled: but I feel 

king of Geder, one; 12:14 The king of Hormah, one; the king of Arad,


That will make sicke men whole
Gurry, so called, is a term properly belonging to right whalemen, but
a distance of an hundred and thirty miles with no greater expense
that could interpret them unto Pharaoh.
cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by
intermission the whole afternoon, calming every fear,

Triumphant out of this infernal pit 
13:38 So Absalom fled, and went to Geshur, and was there three years.
everything relative to Mrs Smith, in which his conduct was involved.
together is in the dust.

She wondered, indeed, at his thinking it necessary
the fellow," he said, "this is the one for my money."
altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of



vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.
Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day.
having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the
lead them in paths that they have not known: I will make darkness
be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast,
11:8 For the man is not of the woman: but the woman of the man.
pretended friend during his wealthy days, had of late become his tyrant,
"And--were you much acquainted?"


perished, and is cut off from their mouth.

him, Go to thine house.
8:29 Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of
believed not.
for War; but the Minister permitted it to save Hirsch from fighting.


For a short time he sat deep in thought, after Elinor had ceased
98:1 O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous

It must be so.  She was perfectly convinced of it.
over the silver coins and others of little value, and apologized for his
you know people often pay a great deal for sending messengers; and no boy

Thy presence; agony of love till now 
in the action, but she was at the same time so unwilling
By sacred unction, thy deserved right. 
were matters of common occurrence in this kind of life; considering
3:21 And I commanded Joshua at that time, saying, Thine eyes have seen
life--the alleged case of a Highland eccentric who wanted to
tell the truth no one believes them.
near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister
Till I espied thee, fair indeed and tall, 
"Come in, Susan; we thought you had quite forsaken us," said Miss Somers

First the man is shaped in the woman, he can then be shaped in himself.
which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should
    skiff, to sing a song or play on the banjo,
17:9 Say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Shall it prosper? shall he not
Truly deliuer
grey moss and brush wood, but these are all lost on me.
Yet went she not, as not with such discourse 
The streams of the Indus and the Ganges and their many affluents,

6:18 And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings

for nothing out of a shopkeeper than out of an automatic machine.
also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man: 43:14 And God

the stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their

possibility that the men may some day be more afraid of their

"It was my friend Mrs Rooke; Nurse Rooke; who, by-the-bye,
In respectability of character, there can be no doubt that they are.
flame of the city ascended up to heaven.

    the spring,
23:10 Remove not the old landmark; and enter not into the fields of
Beth was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps . The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound . The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands . The child was gone . When Juanita awoke , Kate was still rocking the dead child , still crooning in disbelief , `` No , no , oh , no ! ! '' They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister . He sat beside Kate's bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of God's will , while Kate lay staring angrily at him . When he told her God had called the child to Him , she rejected his words rebelliously . Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. Tussle came , called by tragedy . `` It always comes in threes '' , she sighed heavily . `` Trouble never comes but in threes '' . They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot . Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment . She would not accept the death of such a little child . `` God called her to Him '' , the minister had said . God would not do that , Kate thought stubbornly . Jonathan's letter came , as she knew it would , and he had accepted their child's death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself . In blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathan's dictum , and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God . She held Jonathan's letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed . She had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son . Joel came and sat mutely with her , sharing her pain and anguish , averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom . Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried . When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty . She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done . She had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurse's room off the empty nursery , although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the baby's death . Juanita drooped about the place , wearing a haunted , brooding look , which Kate attributed to the baby's death , until the day a letter came for her addressed to `` Miss Juanita Fitzroy '' , bearing a Grafton postmark . Seeing the slanting hand , Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel . The Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains . Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for Juanita . Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty , for more of the slaves , including Annie , had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp . Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school . He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry . Kate felt she had deserted the boy in her own loss . She loved him and missed his company . Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own . What it was Kate could not fathom . He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies , but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimer's funeral . Joel knew what he was about , however . `` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning . `` Not this old fox '' , chuckled Uncle Randolph . `` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure '' . `` Whiskey still , my foot '' , said Joel . `` You're back there riding with the guerrillas , the Moccasin Rangers '' . `` Hush '' , said Uncle Randolph , smiling , `` or I'll give you another black eye '' . He patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back . Kate had no idea what they were talking of , although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night , had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn . Stranger , Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle , drunkenly singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice . Hearing his voice ring raucously up from the road , Kate would await him anxiously and watch perplexed as he walked into the house , cold sober . What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General McClellan , threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas . She was taken up in worry for the reckless old man . Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work . She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom . Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident , had seen Joel's burning humiliation before Miss Snow's cold , bespectacled wrath . He had the hardest pains of growing before him now , as he approached twelve . These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately . She tried to find some way to draw him out , to help him . Whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day . He tended the new colts Beau had sired . He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . No one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph . They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news . Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of Harpers Ferry before they abandoned it ; ; of their first engagement at Falling Waters after Old Jack's First Brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B & O Railroad . The men were restive , he wrote , ready to take the battle to the enemy as Jackson wished . The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors . Dangling his gaudy trinkets before them , he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains , at Cheat and Rich mountains both , and the Federal march on Beverly . `` Cleaned all them Rebs out'n the hills , they did ! ! They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia , them traitors ! ! The Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too '' , he crowed . After he had gone , Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly , `` Would you take their oath '' ? ? And the old man had given a sly and wicked laugh and said , `` Hell , yes ! ! I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! ! Winking at Joel's look of shock . Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South `` And , dear Kate '' , she wrote , `` poor Dr. Breckenridge's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South , to his good father's sorrow . Maj. Anderson of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army . In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral , John Hunt Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory '' ! ! Rumor of a big battle spread like a grassfire up the valley . Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news . `` All dey know down dere is it were at Manassas Junction and it were a big fight '' , the old man told them . In the next few days they had cause to rejoice . It had been a big battle , and the Confederate forces had won . Jonathan and Ben were not on the lists of the dead or on that of the missing . Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously . Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate . When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out , she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful . They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously . The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . They had already lost most of their corn , she thought . Were they to be insulted again because of the South's great victory ? ? She remembered McClellan's last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs . At the landing she saw Juanita , her face flushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door . Juanita stopped just inside the open door , her hand to her mouth . As Kate came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel Marsh framed in the doorway , his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore . Kate greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . `` What brings you here again , Colonel Marsh '' ? ? She asked , taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun . `` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. Lattimer , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby . I wish our doctor could have saved her '' . `` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton . `` Where will you go now that you're leaving Parkersburg '' ? ? She asked him , seeing Juanita's eyes grow bleak . `` As you know , General McClellan has been occupying Beverly . He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the Potomac . I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' . `` When are you to leave '' ? ? Kate asked , watching them both now anxiously . Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly . `` Tomorrow . Would you permit Juanita to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell , Mrs. Lattimer '' ? ? `` Stay here in the parlor where it's cool '' , she said , trying to be calm . It would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs. Tussle not to see them . Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations . Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden . When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue , Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry . She sought Kate out upstairs , her lips trembling . `` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told Kate . `` What do you want to do '' ? ? Kate asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . `` I could go with him . He knows me as your niece , which , of course , I am . But I am a slave ! ! You own me . It's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly . `` No , the decision is yours . I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. Lattimer '' .


land of Egypt: 29:26 For they went and served other gods, and
"Nothing you can give me will do," answered Franklin, steadily, "so it is
Plucking something for tokens, tossing toward whoever is near me,
resolved to be engaged by no other word that could be offered.
105:10 And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for
she'll drop them, when she hears of the loss of the Bombay Castle.
As she finished speaking, another and a louder noise, and the walls round

fifth month.

young bullock without blemish, and a ram out of the flock without
should have been suddenly struck, this very day, with a recollection

"Life-buoy, sir.  Mr. Starbuck's orders.  Oh, look, sir!  Beware the


behold! red warriors come forth--and revenge, and bloodshed, and ruin."
mouth! from floor to ceiling, lined, or rather papered with a
almost before Mrs Musgrove was aware of his being in it:
Stuff'd with the stuff that is coarse and stuff'd with the stuff
cloth behind the ephod: if thou wilt take that, take it: for there is
garden, and may not he come to mine?"
speechless refuge, as it were, among the marble senate of the dead.
"I am mad, Turnbull," said Evan, with a dead clearness of speech,
that Mr. Knightley could not have observed him as she had done,
privilege of first comer, and Colonel Brandon therefore


When God hath showered the earth; so lovely seemed 
27:26 Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged
servant of the king's, saying, 34:21 Go, enquire of the LORD for me,


from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of
his teeth.

dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake
a business partner, "MacIan, tie up this fellow and put a gag in
appeared unto all the congregation.
and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto
Tyrants always tremble when--"
13:41 The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall

Yet fell; remember, and fear to transgress. 
    Doesn't always pay.
put from the priesthood.
especially as a gap was made in his hedge, and there were several small
mariner surprised when, after inspecting the compass, and then the
chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for
he should.  About the sirloin of beef, and all, he was right in the end,


    their heads out,

3:21 And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to
    cheerfully pass them forward.
been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel.


buy meat for all this people.
for the one lamb: in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine
which, though not exactly true, for she was perfectly well,
Wheel.  To be sure you could.  Why, do you know, I've quizzed him


you offer this cup to our poor Queequeg here."
end of the world; and the reapers are the angels.
house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he went away from
     By the love of comrades,
}  Salut au Monde!

burnt offering.
First: I have personally known three instances where a whale, after
persevering an affection in such a man;--or, if not quite the luckiest,

understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences,
Before all temples th' upright heart and pure, 
}  To a President

they will be married very soon, for he has got a lock
said he. "Who does he belong to?"

is very complete, especially at such a distance, and Syme found
"Then here are a couple of tulip-roots for you; and if you take care of
terrible like that of the President, but it had every diablerie
"I am very sorry to hear that," said the lady; "I wish we could find


pas plus fin que tous les autres."
openly than might have been strictly correct.--I feel that I should
6:6 Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing,
No Medicine in the world can do thee good.

why anyone should suppose that a triangle is a three-sided

36:10 And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other


and evil; 30:16 In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy
another to provoke unto love and to good works: 10:25 Not forsaking
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith
consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he shall bring them down
2:4 And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the
6:28 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and
yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not
After the thing it loues
And what's vntimely done. Oh come away,
solitary night-man at the fore-mast-head was relieved by crowds of
from Joppa that Jonah set sail.

that might take place among the circle of her friends, Hartfield must
had no wax near the key, he began to suspect what had happened; and he
then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our
still preserve much of the ghostly aboriginalness of earth's primal
Lives not alone nor or itself: fear not and I will call,
How shocked had he been by her behaviour to Miss Bates!  How directly,
shall consecrate themselves.
of, or that I were certain of her winning it; for I am sure that I do not
of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet.
14:30 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I
and shaped in an unalterable mould, like Cellini's cast Perseus.
Had he been in his right senses, he could not have thought
    unnamed lost ever present in my mind;
in my way to Honiton.  The sight of your dear sister,
she ate for breakfast, and how small a slice of mutton for dinner,
Receive thy new possessor--one who brings 
under their influence; and like Mrs Musgrove, she was feeling,
8:24 And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch

31:8 And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they
could not have suffered long; but she was sorry for Harriet:

eternal, tideless mountain lakes; and all above them in the forehead's
"Let the owners stand on Nantucket beach and outyell the Typhoons.


No Trophee, Sword, nor Hatchment o're his bones,

They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us
were sick, and healed them.
one hair white or black.
paper?"--the paper appeared to be a bill for candles and a tinder-box.
whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and
way of the hill side behind him.
I am the poet of the woman the same as the man,
But still I cannot imagine she would not be persuaded."
   Bru. Then follow me, and giue me Audience friends.
out of my own pleasant and self-created darkness into the imposed and
Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him,
5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say

noise of them that sing do I hear.
are only more noble than mine.  Come, what is your competence?"
12:12 And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from
for it, if need be, under that sword on your counter.  But if
Sinking there while the passionless wet flows on--and I now
she communicated to her eldest sister, when they were

"Pick it up, then, and bring it to me, quick, can't you, child," cried
144:12 That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that
     "He hated my husband because...it is so strange I hardly know
them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having
sorts which are to follow.
Keep your fields of clover and timothy, and your corn-fields and orchards,
As I roam'd the streets of inland Chicago, whatever streets I have roam'd,
An ark, and in the ark his testimony, 
The other's not, for his was not sincere; 
When she heard the sound of the music, she put down her work and
And immediately the cock crew.
could be any one disengaged was the wonder!--But Emma's wonder

half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth
Every thing turns out for his good.--He meets with a young woman

"That was me--that somebody was me," said Oakly.  "I scorn to deny it;
clothed most gorgeously, horsemen riding upon horses, all of them
the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.
own heart--and, in short, that she had never really cared for Frank
Transplanted from her cloudy shrine, and placed 
2:20 I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt
  Pol. I did enact Iulius Caesar, I was kill'd i'th' Capitol:

courage had begun to come back.
"To-morrow morning, very early, Sammy Jay and I will make a great fuss
And what is reason? and what is love? and what is life?
it.
fulness thereof.
Into a gulf shot under ground, till part 


Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts.

power in the gospel.

"Seeing that all you want is a good, fat, tender lamb, for a present for
build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him?  2:7 Send


Following you my brother.

From Hell continued, reaching th' utmost orb 

back: for fear was round about, saith the LORD.

17:1 Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that

the most solid masonry joining with oak and hemp in constituting the
mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even
Lady Middleton to a party, from which Mrs. Jennings was

the entire deficiency in him of all such sort of penetration

was not very material; but any testimony in his favour,
I will run transpose it in words, to justify
whale-cruisers; the disorderly way they were sprinkled over the
Why should I pray? why should I venerate and be ceremonious?
If Queen Elizabeth were to rise from the grave and come up this river
with all thy soul.
   Rosin. I thinke their Inhibition comes by the meanes
back all the better--grown quite cool--and, with good manners,
To sing in songs how exercise and chemical life are never to be baffled,
your father, with my own hands, this fine bunch of grapes, that I have
24:16 And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should
bloodshed.
53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and
her mother in law bade her.
Jesus is the Son of God?  5:6 This is he that came by water and blood,
Mr Elliot was in Bath.  He had called in Camden Place; had called
CHAPTER 130
Emma could not speak the name of Dixon without a little blush.
2:26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the
tautology of the narration, a substance to sink her spirit--

thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it
to your account.
28:9 And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot,
   Laer. That drop of blood, that calmes
they could see the whole of London shaping itself vaguely and
straight to the kind Sisters who had the asylum and told them she was
With countless years drawing themselves onward and arrived at these years,
119:50 This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath



12:6 And Samuel said unto the people, It is the LORD that advanced
40:15 Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as
    beautiful than the most beautiful face.
And where the river of bliss through midst of Heaven 
to succeed all at once.  I repeat it to you, for habit must be
From far, with thundering noise, among our foes 

went all night, and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons
offering.
herself as having any thing to complain of.  The affection of such

names into my lips.

19:11 The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it is his glory

the rod hath blossomed, pride hath budded.
is on their side."


his heritage.
Loveit coloured, bit his lips, wished to go, but had not the courage to
My time has ended, my term has come.
me.
beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow; the
46:11 And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall
spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and
that her heart was unwounded.  And as she could now have
17:36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this
regularly launched in pursuit of the game, the people of that island

May-be the things I perceive, the animals, plants, men, hills,
face with great desire.
The Carpet-Bag.

decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak
sunlight sparkling along his sword.
Little Joe.
to assure her that she would not at present engage in any thing,
that when he next entered Highbury he would bring his bride.

be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord
be more than the first.
12:5 And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all
Elizabeth did not quite equal her father in personal contentment.
commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
not want to go to sleep.  He walked incessantly and talked very


all the ground let there be dew.
I am for th' Ayre: This night Ile spend

16:22 So they spread Absalom a tent upon the top of the house; and

thee, saith the Lord GOD, and thou becamest mine.
deepest. There he stopped, and said,--
now were, she would represent in the strongest manner
Those prairie sovereigns of the West, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois,
and she was therefore industriously getting rid of the subject
---"There Leviathan,
very long while."

"Perhaps I should rather say," said Syme on his fingers, "that it

thee: thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt thou be any more.

3:21 And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his
Some people are wholly inattentive to the lesser feelings, and incapable
thenceforward to keep company with any of the poor children, who had
offerings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the
timidity, is not always manifested by the hunters in all similar
river Arnon, even unto mount Sion, which is Hermon, 4:49 And all the
tired of her, or of wishing to marry Miss Morton, or any

man cometh up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived



saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges; 2:13 I know thy
'What was THAT like?' said Alice.

as the carriage drove by.  Lodging as I did in Bond Street,
this morning?  Are you sure you had it safe at night?
she do for Mr. Cole?  And so I am not to be surprized that Jane
opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him: 1:11 And there
20:38 For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live
Instant without disturb they took alarm, 

and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the



As I sat there in that now lonely room; the fire burning low, in that
Those who love each other shall become invincible,

the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;
2:11 For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man

That they may have their wish, to try with me 


30:12 And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son.
made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of
Three iron, three of adamantine rock, 
6:1 And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as
Landlord.  Scrubs, I don't, nor can't, nor won't call them that pay their
burdens and causes of banishment.
crucified.
Ahishahar.
was it felt!--a companion whose judgment would guide,
falleth on men, 4:14 Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all
pulling my nose now as quickly as possible? I have to catch a


Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the
39:23 And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of
up from the bottom, and had therefore leisure to look around,
bosom-friend, Queequeg, was seized with a fever, which brought him
On one side China and on the other side Persia and Arabia,
servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy.
Crouch low thy neck to eleemosynary gifts.
to call on Mrs. and Miss Bates, Mr. Knightley, as I told you before.
And flying vaulted either host with fire. 
prescriptive province of the boys, if boys there be aboard.  Besides,
himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the LORD.
the runaway.

of there being such a creature in the world."
All the Charractery of my sad browes:

this Sir?
To wash it white as Snow? Whereto serues mercy,
of Hadarezer went before them.

everlasting covenant, 16:18 Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of


27:26 Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do
48:14 How say ye, We are mighty and strong men for the war?  48:15

That thou hast prou'd Lucillius saying true,
How America is the continent of glories, and of the triumph of
Of Cambalu, seat of Cathaian Can, 
Therefore thou sleep'st so sound.
the living sperm whale, was palpable to all the watch; nor was any

right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given
ye are worthy to die, because ye have not kept your master, the LORD's
honest boy will make an honest man; and honesty is the best policy, as
of painted wood, the whole being raised about five feet above the parade
"God bless him for it, for ever and ever!" said the poor woman, joining
The true words do not fail, for motion does not fail and reflection
at his side. It was the good fairy. She was clad in robes of dazzling
Hath seal'd thee for her selfe. For thou hast bene
In vain the razor-bill'd auk sails far north to Labrador,
  3. A Drumme, a Drumme:
of the misery which must have followed.  It was just possible that
out upon it, stuck their swords in the sand, and had a pause too
Her brother and sister came back delighted with their new acquaintance,
and dragging slow.  Ha, Pip? come to help; eh, Pip?"
when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me:
seized hold of my harpoon-pole sticking in him, and for a moment
Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every

her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
and shake of the head, which spoke much, she looked at Mr. Knightley.--
Jerusalem.

3:11 He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set
these things at thy word.
mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews; 26:5 Which knew me
Song of the dying swan, Fernando's heart is breaking.
girdle about his loins; and his meat was locusts and wild honey.
then only glows to be looked at; the evening shades and phantoms
All eligible to all.
acquainted with whatever he knew or supposed of his cousins'
the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes; 2:7 That
4:1 How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the
will I give the land.
12:13 Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in
In the first place, it may be deemed almost superfluous to establish
manner of answering me? How completely it meant, `why should my

whether the wet walk of this morning had produced any.  She suspected
Perhaps it was not fair to expect him to feel how very much he
You million unwrit names all, all--you dark bequest from all the war,
were never unwelcome to Miss Dashwood.  He had abundantly
Here grows the cure of all, this fruit divine, 
harmless absurdity to take its chance, I would not quarrel with you
fighting in him; and after my first voyages, he developed a notion
The disembarkation, the founding of a new city,
God.
prize his already--yo' think yo' jes' save that white 'Talian trash--"
appeared wholly occupied with counting the pages of the marvellous

might be footholds down that awful facade, if only he could not
to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not
   Banq. That trusted home,
sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we
hall. From this was suspended, by chains of exquisite ironwork,
"But it is not to be imagined that she lives up to



thy father, even they have dealt treacherously with thee; yea, they
    they unite now.

6:6 For thus hath the LORD of hosts said, Hew ye down trees, and cast
ever, and their dwelling places to all generations; they call their
    suddenly cease.


unto himself his spirit and his breath; 34:15 All flesh shall perish
What shall we play at?  She hates whist I know; but is there
heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.

16:23 And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon
be turning all our rich naval officers ashore.  They will be
the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.
10:2 And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and
     And danced with rapture, she was so charmed.


and abode at Hazeroth.
of duty and affection to demand from Marianne an account
had stood before, and the maid charged the child, "TO LOOK AS IF NOTHING
     "He always asseverated that he did not know," replied Flambeau;
exactly right, and occupation and ease were generally restored,
Stammering out something, I knew not what, I rolled away from him

"God save you," said the fox.
these whales, for it's so calm they won't drift."

pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar.
I hear the workman singing and the farmer's wife singing,
rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with
rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be


Whither I walk I cannot define, but I know it is good,
 LAUGHING SONG
and when Mrs. Weston ended with, "We have not yet had the letter
husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void.

14:29 But the children of Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of

14:30 But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and
For once, vpon a Rawe and Gustie day,
Mrs. Jennings was very warm in her praise of Edward's
among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels
And for strong upright men I bring yet more needed help.
O I think it is not for life I am chanting here my chant of lovers,
Detached broken fossils of pre-adamite whales, fragments of their

here and talk about love for another ten minutes it is very
long to tell." He put the little leather book in his overcoat pocket.
How the silent old-faced infants and the lifted sick, and the
51:34 Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon hath devoured me, he hath
and on the same principle will forgive him much sooner."
horizontal flight, with added fleetness.  Such unintermitted